
Senior Site Reliability Engineer - Pega
Commonwealth Bank
3.4
•
1048 reviews
Eveleigh, Sydney NSW
Other (Information & Communication Technology)
Full time
Posted 3d ago
More jobs from this company
Apply for Senior Site Reliability Engineer - Pega at Commonwealth Bank
Apply
Save Senior Site Reliability Engineer - Pega at Commonwealth Bank
Save
Share

Do work that matters


Here at CommBank we believe when people are free to move anything is possible. Joining our Pega Case Management team is your opportunity to join an established company where there is a focus on personal and professional development. As an organization, we foster an innovative and dynamic culture and a genuine commitment to drive diversity and inclusion.

You're responsible for the world-leading application of technology across every aspect of CommBank. We are putting customers at the Centre of everything we do. Together we will use technology to drive efficient and timely processing, an essential component of great customer service.


You will work alongside a fantastic team of people, and highly invested managers focused on your career progression.

We are seeking people who are:


Passionate and experienced Site Reliability Engineers with a zest for innovation

Ready to undertake any other tasks assigned by your manager that you have the capability to perform safely in line with relevant internal Bank policies and external regulatory requirements.

Capable to act as an escalation, advice, and decision-making point for Pega Case Management.

Proficient in building, implementing and supporting model-driven, enterprise Pega case management business solutions.


We are also seeking people who are:


Proficient working in a fast paced DevOps environment while contributing in Pega Design review and code review sessions

Are confident partnering with teams to identify and implement automation opportunities to drive down operational toil and technical debt

Confident in participating and leading calls for resolution of incidents to production Pega services


What will set you up for success in the team?


Ensuring that the delivered Pega solution functions to the customer's requirements, and commit to platform stability and customer satisfaction.

Showcasing Excellent communication skills, able to negotiate and drive outcomes with various stakeholders

Driving innovation and process improvements using new concepts and Assisting with the transition of Pega application to cloud


Tech Skills:

We use a broad range of tools, languages, and frameworks. We do not expect you to know them all but experience or exposure with some of these, or a willing to learn these skillsets (or equivalents) will set you up for success in this team!


Pega (v7.x/v8.x) and Pega Cloud

Performance management tools, such as AppDynamics and PDC

Flows, Activities, User Interface, Flow Actions, Agents, SLA, External Authentication, PRPC Security, Reports, Listeners (File, MQ), Connectors, REST and SOAP Services etc.

Pega Database design and experience in issue triage and root cause analysis by going through the Pega logs.

PCSA (PEGA Certified Systems Architect); preferred PCSSA (Pega Certified Senior System Architect) on Pega version 7.x or 8.x


Working with us:

Our people bring their diverse backgrounds and unique perspectives to build a respectful, inclusive, and flexible workplace with an ultimate flexibility to work from any of our engineering hubs within Australia. One where we're driven by our values, and supported to share ideas, initiatives, and energy. One where making a positive impact for customers, communities and each other is part of our every day.

Here, you'll thrive. You'll be supported when faced with challenges and empowered to tackle new opportunities. You'll be empowered to do your best work and be given the choice on when and where that work happens. We really love working here, and we think you will too.

Whether you're passionate about customer service, driven by data, or called by creativity, a career here is for you.

Our people bring their diverse backgrounds and unique perspectives to build a respectful, inclusive and flexible workplace. One where we're driven by our values, and supported to share ideas, initiatives, and energy. One where making a positive impact for customers, communities and each other is part of our every day.

Here, you'll thrive. You'll be supported when faced with challenges, and empowered to tackle new opportunities. We really love working here, and we think you will too.

We're determined to make a real difference for Australia's first peoples. We encourage all interested applicants to apply. If you're already part of the Commonwealth Bank Group (including Bankwest), you'll need to apply through Sidekick to submit a valid application. We're keen to support you with the next step in your career.

Report this job advert
Be careful
Don’t provide your bank or credit card details when applying for jobs.
Learn how to protect yourself
Report this job ad 
Courses that get you job-ready
Industry recognised providers
Experts in career related education
Explore courses
TAFE
Online
Courses by industry
