
Senior Site Reliability Engineer
Harvey Nash
Melbourne VIC
Engineering - Software (Information & Communication Technology)
Full time
170K - 200K + super + bonus + benefits
Posted 19d ago
More jobs from this company
Apply for Senior Site Reliability Engineer at Harvey Nash
Quick apply
Save Senior Site Reliability Engineer at Harvey Nash
Save
Share
- Fully remote in Australia 
- MUST be an Australian citizen 
- 170K - 200K + super + bonus + benefits 

We are seeking a Senior Site Reliability Engineer who is naturally passionate about delivering solutions on real-time problems with mission-critical cloud native services.

The role:

Build robust, easy-to-use foundational platforms and tools that enable engineering teams to provision services rapidly, consistently, and securely.
Exemplify cloud-native site reliability best practices.
Write code that is performant, maintainable, clear, and concise.
Employ strong problem-solving skills, with the ability to debug problems in cloud native distributed systems.
Influence and educate the engineering organization to adopt new and improved architectural patterns.
Provide robust documentation for use by engineers to promote self-service
Take calculated risks, champion new ideas, and cultivate your craft.
What You Bring

3-5+ years of applicable experience
Strong Operating Systems Skills, preferably Linux (Kernel highly desirable).
Strong experience operating in Kubernetes platforms like AKS, EKS, or similar.
Good experience managing cloud platforms ideally Azure (but would be open AWS, GCP or Oracle Cloud) or similar.
Experience utilizing CI/CD platforms to automate provisioning infrastructure, software builds, tests, and releases.
Empathy to support the needs of software engineers.
Advantageous skills

Experience administering SQL/NoSQL databases.
Experience with the Hadoop stack (Cassandra, Zookeeper) would be highly regarded
knowledge of Configuration Management (Puppet, Salt, Ansible, Terraform, Jenkins, Packer etc.)
Knowledge, interest or experience of Python, C#, Scala, Java or Golang would be desirable but not essential.
Experience using observability tools such as APM, logging, and metrics to assist with debugging issues.
Experience designing tooling to simplify the operational management of SaaS/PaaS systems.
Familiarity with building flexible and testable Infrastructure as Code modules.
Apply now for a confidential discussion !! sean.hillier@harveynash.com.au 
About the recruiter
Report this job advert
Be careful
Don’t provide your bank or credit card details when applying for jobs.
Learn how to protect yourself
Report this job ad 
Upskill in python programming language to better prepare for this job

Python

The Learning People

Up to 55 hours self-paced

Online

Start Anytime

