
Site Reliability Engineer
Civica Asia Pacific
Sydney NSW
Engineering - Software (Information & Communication Technology)
Full time
Posted 23d ago
More jobs from this company
Apply for Site Reliability Engineer at Civica Asia Pacific
Quick apply
Save Site Reliability Engineer at Civica Asia Pacific
Save
Share

Civica is a global organisation of over 5,000 employees, providing smart software to deliver the public services of the future and improve outcomes for citizens.

We do this by collaborating with a large number of organisations including schools, libraries, local councils, state governments, and healthcare and community organisations, applying innovation and creative thinking.

We are problem solvers and experts in our field. And we love what we do because it makes a difference to those who really need it.

The role
As part of the Health business unit, the Site Reliability Engineer will actively contribute to the improvement and support of our Operational Teams in serving our Customers. This hands-on role holds significant responsibility in ensuring the seamless functioning of technical operations, providing support and training to team members, taking the lead in technical support activities, and ultimately ensuring high levels of customer satisfaction.

Automation plays a significant role in this position, encompassing responsibilities such as ensuring the site's performance is up to date, daily monitoring and reporting of Service Level Agreements (SLAs), and promptly identifying and resolving issues that may arise. The role also involves coordinating events and incidents, providing valuable feedback to the development team for improvements and incorporating built-in capabilities. Due to the crucial nature of this position, it is essential to have the flexibility to be available on-call 24/7 to minimize any potential impact on our key customers.

We welcome your unique talents

Please apply for this role if it would make you excited to come to work every day.

Sorry if this sounds cheesy, but we really do want you to bring your whole self to work. There is no such thing as the perfect candidate, so if you think you have what it takes, but don't necessarily meet every single point on the list below, please still get in touch. We'd love to have a chat and see if you could be a great fit. (It’s also a fact that women and underrepresented groups tend to only apply when they check every box…)

About you

The ideal candidate for this role should have a background as a developer or architect with technical expertise, encompassing a comprehensive understanding of multiple layers such as infrastructure, platforms, and networking. Additionally, they should possess a problem-solving mindset, inquisitive nature, proactive initiative, strong customer orientation, and the ability to thrive in high-pressure scenarios. Ideally you have over 10 years of experience.

You hold a B.Sc. degree in Computer Science or a related technical discipline. Having a proven track record of extensive experience in full stack development, specifically in building large applications that operate in a 24x7 uptime private and public cloud environment. In addition, you should have proficiency in both Windows and Linux system administration, enabling you to effectively manage and maintain operating systems. Furthermore, familiarity with system monitoring tools such as Nagios, OpManager, FrameFlow, and others is highly desirable, as it demonstrates your ability to effectively monitor and optimize system performance.

Why you’ll love working with us

We know that when our people are happy, they will work better and have greater work satisfaction. We are an Australian Business Awards Employer of Choice and a UK Financial Times Diversity leader for the second year in 2021, rising 400 places and ranking 10th overall in the IT and software sector. We work with leading organisations such as the Tech Talent Charter and White Ribbon

So here at Civica, we look after you. Here’s what you can expect:

Career opportunities – we take great satisfaction in seeing you grow and share your knowledge to other parts of our large business

We’re all different – and we love this about us. We provide an inclusive, safe and welcoming environment to all Civicans, new and old.

Focus on learning– there are heaps of opportunities to enable you to grow and be your best.

Giving culture - we encourage you to “give back” with benefits such as our Donate a Day leave where you can volunteer for a charity of your choice.

Apply for this job - Become part of something special.
Employer questions
Your application will include the following questions:
Have you been referred to this role by a Civica employee?
If yes, who referred you?
Role Preference - Civica Job Family
Salary Expectations
Current Notice Period
Are you an Australian citizen or permenant resident?
Report this job advert
Be careful
Don’t provide your bank or credit card details when applying for jobs.
Learn how to protect yourself
Report this job ad 
Computer Science courses
Courses that get you job-ready
Industry recognised providers
Explore courses
Benefits of study
Study & career advice
