Site Reliability Engineers - Mid to Senior - AWS / K8's
Skip to content
Jobs
Courses
Businesses for sale
Volunteering
SEEK
Job search
Profile
Career advice
Company reviews
Sign in
Employer site
Site Reliability Engineers - Mid to Senior - AWS / K8's
Talent Realised
North Sydney, Sydney NSW
Engineering - Software (Information & Communication Technology)
Full time
$120k to $160k + super + benefits & extra leave
Posted 25d ago
More jobs from this company
Apply for Site Reliability Engineers - Mid to Senior - AWS / K8's at Talent Realised
Quick apply
Save Site Reliability Engineers - Mid to Senior - AWS / K8's at Talent Realised
Save
Share
Senior Site Reliability Engineer

We are an Australian born startup and we are making a positive impact on the lives of millions of Australians every year. 

We have $40+ million in funding and 2-3 years of runway with more rounds to come and so much more room to grow!

We are looking for Mid & Senior Site Reliability Engineers who have transitioned from into SRE or DevOps from a Software Engineering background.

Salary ballpark is $120k to $160k base + super + benefits (including +7 days leave, paid personal & professional development and novated leasing)

More information on the role;

You wont be expected to be a full time programmer but they aren't looking for a SysAdmin either.
You will be spending your time building, maintaining & monitoring AWS infrastructure & building tooling that allows product teams to go faster.
CloudFormation & Terraform Infrastructure as Code tooling experience required.
Kubernetes experience would be ideal as they are looking to move to prod.
Previous experience of tight collaboration with developers & product teams would be highly beneficial.
We are looking for experienced Site Reliability Engineers who have;
3 to 5 years or more experience in and SRE or DevOps role.
A deep understanding of SRE best practices and processes.
Hands-on experience writing code & building tools.
Deep AWS experience & understanding.
Experience collaborating & working closely with software developers and development teams.
Experience with containerised and serverless architectures.
A few of the things we off our employees;

Flexible working arrangements (hybrid/remote)
+7 days of extra leave entitlements
Novated leasing arrangements
Learning and Development initiatives
An annual contribution for you to invest in your continued education
Regular social events to relax and connect with teammates
How to apply:

If you have just read this top to bottom and thought to yourself "holly sh!t, I need to work there" then I would suggest you click on apply (risky) OR email Josh with a quick bit on why you need to be considered; josh@talentrealised.com.au and follow him up with a phone call to discuss; 0423461061 (Safer option)
Report this job advert
Be careful
Don’t provide your bank or credit card details when applying for jobs.
Learn how to protect yourself
Report this job ad 
Upskill in site reliability engineering to better prepare for this job

Site Reliability Engineering (SRE) Foundation

Lumify Work

2 days full-time

Online, On-campus

Start February

Job seekers
Job search
Profile
Recommended jobs
Saved searches
Saved jobs
Applied jobs
Career advice
Explore careers
Company reviews
Download apps
SEEK sites
Employers
Register for free
Post a job ad
Products & prices
Customer service
Hiring advice
Market insights
Recruitment software partners
About SEEK
About SEEK
Newsroom
Investors
Work for SEEK
International partners
Partner services
Contact
Help centre
Contact us
Product & tech blog
SEEK videos
Social
Australia
Privacy policy
Terms & conditions
Protect yourself online
© SEEK. All rights reserved