
DevOps & Site Reliability Engineer
idoba
Perth WA
Networks & Systems Administration (Information & Communication Technology)
Full time
Posted 23d ago
More jobs from this company
Apply for DevOps & Site Reliability Engineer at idoba
Quick apply
Save DevOps & Site Reliability Engineer at idoba
Save
Share

Hi, we’re idoba, nice to meet you. 

idoba is a technology informed services business, born out of the desire to rethink, transform and disrupt mining.  We bring people together who have a shared passion to co-create a better future for mining. A future where mining has a positive contribution to climate and social change, where mining is part of the solution, not the creator of a problem and where digital and social technologies can make a difference.  

We combine management consulting, digital technology, mining expertise and software engineering skills to deeply understand problems and co-create innovative solutions.  Our team members are clever, curious and quirky people who work flexibly between our vibrant open-plan Perth CBD office and from home.

About the role 

You will joining a team of talented engineers and become part of an exciting project that will shape the future of mining.  As a critical member of our Dev Ops & Site Reliability team you will design, implement and maintain our CI/CD pipeline.  You will also develop and manage our development environment as well as build and maintain our observability platform. 

Managing client-side development, test, and release environments you will also monitor infrastructure and systems and support automated testing implementation. You will be working in the heart of our consultancy business with exposure to a number of clients. 

About You

You will bring your experience of mentoring team members on CI/CD approaches. So exposure to CI/CD tools and platforms will be important.  You will also need to demonstrate how you apply systems thinking and engineering approaches to complex problems. 

You are an effective communicator with the ability to connect with a diverse group of stakeholders.  On your first day, it would also be great to see you demonstrate your knowledge and/or experience in : 

Practical knowledge of agile development methodologies
Docker, Kubernetes and cloud VM provisioning (AWS, Azure)
Infrastructure automation with ansible or terraform
CI/CD tools and platforms (Azure DevOps, GibHub etc.)
Mocking and automated testing
Git pipelines and hooks
Database configuration and management (SQL or Non-SQL)
Message bus services (RabbitMQ, NATS, Kafka etc)
OpenTelemetry collectors (e.g., ELK APM)
Infrastructure monitoring solutions (e.g., ELK, Prometheus)
Scripting (Bash, Python, etc)

Don't worry if you don't have experience in all these areas. What matters most to us is finding someone who is comfortable with learning, testing new approaches, and collaborating with the team. We foster an inclusive, high-performance, and delivery-focused environment where you'll be excited to come to work every day.

The perks 

Be part of a collaborative ecosystem; with a parent company in the Perenti Group that is committed to our success, and a global equity partner in Sumitomo Corporation
A network-based structure that empowers staff  
Vibrant, diverse and inclusive workplace culture in our central CBD office 
Attractive salary benefits on offer, paid parental leave, employee assistance program, insurance and lifestyle discounts 

Next steps  

If you like what you’ve heard about us and this opportunity, we’d love to hear more about you. Please apply online including a copy of your resume and a cover letter and I will be in touch. For any questions or a confidential discussion regarding the role please contact me directly on Laura.Ashe@idoba.com 

Employer questions
Your application will include the following questions:
Which of the following statements best describes your right to work in Australia?
Report this job advert
Be careful
Don’t provide your bank or credit card details when applying for jobs.
Learn how to protect yourself
Report this job ad 
Upskill in python programming language to better prepare for this job

Python

The Learning People

Up to 55 hours self-paced

Online

Start Anytime

