ESS Super Support and Reliability Engineer
Skip to content
Jobs
Courses
Businesses for sale
Volunteering
SEEK
Job search
Profile
Career advice
Company reviews
Sign in
Employer site
ESS Super Support and Reliability Engineer
Iress Limited
3.3
•
44 reviews
Brisbane QLD
Engineering - Software (Information & Communication Technology)
Full time
Posted 3d ago
More jobs from this company
Apply for ESS Super Support and Reliability Engineer at Iress Limited
Apply
Save ESS Super Support and Reliability Engineer at Iress Limited
Save
Share
See yourself being part of a large, transformational change? This could be the role for you!

 

 

 

 

At Iress, we make things happen

At Iress, we believe technology should help people perform better every day. Since our beginning in 1993, people across financial services have trusted us to take their performance to the next level. From the world’s most established financial brands to new and disruptive players, we help improve every aspect of our clients’ businesses so that they can work better, every day. Iress is one of Australia’s largest technology companies and employs more than 1,900 people across Australia, United Kingdom, Africa, Canada, France, New Zealand and Asia.  

 

Build your career at Iress!

The Support & Reliability Engineer will drive quality outcomes for Iress clients and enable our internal Superannuation teams by providing capabilities focused on the supportability and reliability of Iress superannuation software. The role requires an ability to work with a diverse range of internal and external technical & engineering teams, to ensure a highly reliable, automated product engineering & operational capability exists. 

 

Some of the awesome things you’ll be involved with:
Contribute, support and deliver the strategic vision for Support and Reliability Engineering with a strong focus on enabling speed, scale and quality, supporting Iress Superannuation teams 
Drive increased automation throughout Operational Engineering activities and remove “hands-on” work, driving an effective efficient outcome 
Ensure services provided extend Superannuation teams through to production, enabling speed and scale 
Ensure existing clients and solutions continue to operate effectively 
Ensure ownership and completion of incidents through to resolution and to the satisfaction of the client 
Ensure software, network and any relevant technical changes are correctly migrated to Production

 

What you will bring:
Experience in providing production support for mission critical applications 
Knowledge and skills in Microsoft Windows 2012/2016/2019 Operating system and SQL Server
Experience working with cloud platforms (AWS) 
Have a good understanding of Window-based software 
Good knowledge of at least one scripting language 
Good Understanding of CI/CD processes and tools such as BuildKite, Jenkins or any other similar tool 
Knowledge in IaC patterns and tools such as Terraform / Cloud formation 
Knowledge in docker container management
 
Why work with us?
8 additional paid days per year to extend your weekends
Flexible working from home arrangements 
Equity grants for our top 25% performers
Generous cash bonus for every successful referral 
Annual Profit Share when Iress meets its annual profit targets
Starting school leave - 8.5 days of leave to assist your children with the transition to school
Up to 26 weeks’ paid parental leave for primary carers (up to 4 weeks for secondary carers), and the ability to work part-time when returning to work
3 days’ paid leave per year to participate in charity initiatives
Discounted health insurance premiums
Access to learning and development programs through Udemy


 

Iress is committed to fostering a welcoming and inclusive culture. We strongly believe that diversity is what makes our teams and our products succeed. Our people have different experiences, skills, perspectives and beliefs and everyone’s uniqueness is valued and celebrated. 

 

Our hiring decisions are never based on sexual orientation, race, gender identity, religion, disability, citizenship, marital or family status and age. Even if you feel you don’t meet all of the requirements of the role, we would still like to hear from you! 

 

We’re also proud to be globally recognised as a WORK180 Endorsed Employer that promotes and supports all women in the workplace. 


For more information about what we do, our people and values, please visit our website - https://www.iress.com/join-us/careers/

 


 

Report this job advert
Be careful
Don’t provide your bank or credit card details when applying for jobs.
Learn how to protect yourself
Report this job ad 
Salary lookup
What can I earn as a Reliability Engineer?

Find out the average salary for a Reliability Engineer across Australia

See more detailed salary information
Job seekers
Job search
Profile
Recommended jobs
Saved searches
Saved jobs
Applied jobs
Career advice
Explore careers
Company reviews
Download apps
SEEK sites
Employers
Register for free
Post a job ad
Products & prices
Customer service
Hiring advice
Market insights
Recruitment software partners
About SEEK
About SEEK
Newsroom
Investors
Work for SEEK
International partners
Partner services
Contact
Help centre
Contact us
Product & tech blog
SEEK videos
Social
Australia
Privacy policy
Terms & conditions
Protect yourself online
© SEEK. All rights reserved