
Senior Engineering Manager – AWS Platforms & Infrastructure
ABC
3.6
•
70 reviews
Melbourne VIC
Management (Information & Communication Technology)
Government - Federal (Government & Defence)
Full time
Posted 16d ago
More jobs from this company
Apply for Senior Engineering Manager – AWS Platforms & Infrastructure at ABC
Apply
Save Senior Engineering Manager – AWS Platforms & Infrastructure at ABC
Save
Share

About the ABC

The ABC is the nation's most trusted and independent source of Australian conversations, culture, and stories. With over 4,000 employees from diverse backgrounds across over 50 locations around Australia and overseas, we are proud to create, curate and deliver high-quality content that informs, educates and entertains Australian communities.

Role Purpose

Lead digital platform operations and infrastructure, ensuring system reliability, support, and cost efficiencies are maximised to provide world class performance to our audience.

Key Accountabilities

Technical Leadership:

Provide strategic direction and technical leadership for our Site Reliability, Operations and DevOps Engineering Practice, overseeing Digital Platform Operations and supported platforms and services.
Develop and implement strategies to enhance system reliability, support, and incident management, ensuring seamless operation of all digital platforms and products.
Foster a culture of technical efficiency and drive initiatives to optimize services and achieve cost savings.
Manage and lead multiple teams of engineers including people managers, Engineering Managers, and lead Engineers where appropriate.
Actively promote automation and consistency methodologies, work with Engineering management to develop and implement standards focused on secure, reliable and scalable deployment of Digital Product services

ABC Relationship Management:

Cultivate and maintain key relationships with stakeholders involved in content distribution and cloud hosting, ensuring successful collaboration and alignment of goals.
Develop and maintain effective strategic relationships with external parties including major vendors/consultants, keeping up to date on relevant industry and regulatory environments.
Develop and foster strong working relationships within ABC Product & Technology division including IT, Shared Services, CyberSecurity.

Cost Management and Vendor Management:

Ownership of cost modelling and estimation process for digital platforms, driving greater efficiencies and cost savings.
Both lead and contribute to contract negotiations with external partners, ensuring favourable terms and maximizing value for the company.
Effectively manage key PaaS, IaaS and SaaS vendors including content delivery networks and cloud computing to ensure effective and efficient delivery of ABC digital platforms.
Contribute to divisional strategic planning processes and resources reviews.
Work with executive team to understand budget management and make necessary modifications to meet overall yearly budget.

People Leadership:

Lead and manage multiple teams responsible for system operations and support, including DevOps, Operations, and Site Reliability Engineering.
Foster a collaborative and high-performing culture within the teams, promoting professional growth and continuous improvement, supported through a hybrid working environment.
Provide guidance, mentorship, and support to team members, promoting technical excellence and fostering innovation.
Participate in Digital Product leadership team, actively contribute to Long-term product vision and digital strategy. Contribute to building Digital Product team culture and actively promote the ABC values and apply all relevant workplace policies and guidelines.

About You

Experience in managing 20+ staff, including providing strategic direction for team leads individual contributors, as well as leadership and mentoring of highly technical staff.
Extensive experience running an end-to-end technology function in a software, start-up, media, consultancy, or digital business.
Proven track record in building and evolving software development teams that are responsible for large scale digital products, preferably in a media environment.
Proven experience establishing DevOps and Operational. Support practices and processes focused on delivering scalable, reliable and secure services within a cloud-based environment. 
Proven ability to manage, liaise and influence decisions at senior executive level.
Expertise with modern software continuous integration and continuous deployment practices and an ability to research, critically appraise and evaluate new technologies and approaches.
Demonstrated experience in technical people leadership roles, relevant professional level industry certifications or related degree.
Strategic and creative thinking skills, along with the ability to and inspire creativity and innovation and to drive results. Proven ability to develop and implement strategies and influence key stakeholders.

What’s In It For You?

Come and join the vibrant Digital Product department in the ABC. Our mission is to enable ABC’s digital future, where ABC transitions from a traditional broadcaster to Australia’s most trusted and valued digital media organisation. Through harnessing our talents in digital, collaborating with our partners and delivering beyond expectations, we ensure the ABC not just remains relevant but thrives.

As a group of product and platform teams, we develop and maintain the ABC's audience facing digital products across mobile, connected TV, desktop, and smart speakers. Whether it is staying informed of the latest breaking news, bringing some great TV on iview, streaming the Hottest 100 on the triple j app and website, or entertaining the kids with our ABC Kids app - the ABC's Digital Product offerings are some of Australia's most loved and most used platforms.

Your work will be appreciated by millions of audiences across Australia. We are an AWS shop; you will have the opportunity to work on the latest and greatest cloud technology. You will have the chance to contribute to the solution architecture of our systems. We are an open and cohesive team where your voice will not get lost. You can get a sneak peek into our product engineering world through our blog: https://www.abc.net.au/digital-product

We are committed to career development and invest in our people to grow and become leaders in their fields. Everyone in the Digital Product department has a designated budget for training and development. We believe in flexible approaches to working and building self-organising and collaborative teams that offer friendly and supportive environments in which all team members can strive and grow.

For further information on this position please contact Jamie Nedved, Digital Talent Acquisition Lead via email nedved.jamie@abc.net.au  

We respectfully request that Recruitment Agencies do not submit applications for this position.

In line with our focus on diversity, applications are strongly encouraged from Indigenous Australians, people from a range of cultural and linguistic backgrounds, people with disability and LGBTIQA+ individuals. The ABC also aims to achieve a gender-balanced workforce.

For more information on inclusive employee networks within the ABC please refer to Life Page on ABC LinkedIn. 

For more information on working at the ABC visit abc.net.au/careers

 

Report this job advert
Be careful
Don’t provide your bank or credit card details when applying for jobs.
Learn how to protect yourself
Report this job ad 
Upskill in devops to better prepare for this job

DevOps Foundation

Lumify Work

2 days full-time

Online, On-campus

Start Monthly

