AWS Platform Reliability Engineer | Digital News & Media
Skip to content
Jobs
Courses
Businesses for sale
Volunteering
SEEK
Job search
Profile
Career advice
Company reviews
Sign in
Employer site
AWS Platform Reliability Engineer | Digital News & Media
ABC
3.6
•
70 reviews
Brisbane QLD
Engineering - Software (Information & Communication Technology)
Government - Federal (Government & Defence)
Full time
Posted 16d ago
More jobs from this company
Apply for AWS Platform Reliability Engineer | Digital News & Media at ABC
Apply
Save AWS Platform Reliability Engineer | Digital News & Media at ABC
Save
Share

About the Role

Play a vital part in the ABC’s Digital Product Team by successfully designing, implementing and automating delivery systems for digital services on web, mobile and streaming media.

Key Accountabilities

Provide a high level of availability and reliability to users of the ABC digital product systems, including content distribution and publishing systems, mobile and streaming media services.
Collaborate with software development & DevOps teams to design and implement scalable, fault-tolerant systems.
Actively contribute to the implementation of infrastructure and services for the delivery of ABC content on digital platforms including web, mobile and streaming media.
Improve system reliability and quality through monitoring, reporting and fault resolution on supported platforms. Proactively identify opportunities to improve efficiency by automating existing processes.
Maintain detailed technical knowledge of ABC Digital Product systems and services, including an understanding of business usage. Contribute to the development and maintenance of technical standards and support documentation.
Prioritise and resolve support issues of varying severity within expected time frames. Plan and carry out tasks to ensure timely delivery of services.

About You

Highly developed problem-solving skills including the ability to investigate, diagnose and solve complex web content and streaming media delivery problems.
Demonstrated experience in supporting the online delivery of content and applications including content management systems, search engines, message boards and other web site services.
Experience using Amazon Web Services (AWS) products and supporting Linux and “LAMP” based systems is highly desirable. Proficiency in common scripting languages such as Python, Perl, Shell or PHP is desirable.
Experience supporting and managing products delivered by CDN services such as Akamai for the delivery of streaming media and web assets is highly desirable.
Experience with common DevOps tools such as Datadog, Puppet, New Relic, JIRA, Confluence, Bamboo, Maven or Jenkins is highly desirable.
Well-developed communication skills with proven ability to communicate effectively with stakeholders at a number of levels.
Demonstrated highly developed ability to work in a team environment. An understanding of Agile project management processes is desirable.

What’s In It For You?

Come and join the vibrant Digital Product department in the ABC. Our mission is to enable ABC’s digital future, where ABC transitions from a traditional broadcaster to Australia’s most trusted and valued digital media organisation. Through harnessing our talents in digital, collaborating with our partners and delivering beyond expectations, we ensure the ABC not just remains relevant but thrives.

As a group of product and platform teams, we develop and maintain the ABC's audience facing digital products across mobile, connected TV, desktop, and smart speakers. Whether it is staying informed of the latest breaking news, bringing some great TV on iview, streaming the Hottest 100 on the triple j app and website, or entertaining the kids with our ABC Kids app - the ABC's Digital Product offerings are some of Australia's most loved and most used platforms.

Your work will be appreciated by millions of audiences across Australia.

We are committed to career development and invest in our people to grow and become leaders in their fields. Everyone in the Digital Product department has a designated budget for training and development. We believe in flexible approaches to working and building self-organising and collaborative teams that offer friendly and supportive environments in which all team members can strive and grow.

For further information on this position please contact Jamie Nedved, Digital Talent Acquisition Lead via email nedved.jamie@abc.net.au  

We respectfully request that Recruitment Agencies do not submit applications for this position.

In line with our focus on diversity, applications are strongly encouraged from Indigenous Australians, people from a range of cultural and linguistic backgrounds, people with disability and LGBTIQA+ individuals. The ABC also aims to achieve a gender-balanced workforce

For more information on inclusive employee networks within the ABC please refer to Life Page on ABC LinkedIn. 

For more information on working at the ABC visit abc.net.au/careers

 

 

 

Report this job advert
Be careful
Don’t provide your bank or credit card details when applying for jobs.
Learn how to protect yourself
Report this job ad 
Thinking about a career as a Reliability Engineer?
Insights on salary & in-demand skills
Reviews from people working in the industry
Explore career
Job seekers
Job search
Profile
Recommended jobs
Saved searches
Saved jobs
Applied jobs
Career advice
Explore careers
Company reviews
Download apps
SEEK sites
Employers
Register for free
Post a job ad
Products & prices
Customer service
Hiring advice
Market insights
Recruitment software partners
About SEEK
About SEEK
Newsroom
Investors
Work for SEEK
International partners
Partner services
Contact
Help centre
Contact us
Product & tech blog
SEEK videos
Social
Australia
Privacy policy
Terms & conditions
Protect yourself online
© SEEK. All rights reserved