Site Reliability Engineer
Skip to content
Jobs
Courses
Businesses for sale
Volunteering
SEEK
Job search
Profile
Career advice
Company reviews
Sign in
Employer site
Site Reliability Engineer
Tribus Technology Pty Ltd
Sydney NSW
Developers/Programmers (Information & Communication Technology)
Full time
$150000 - $170000 per annum
Posted 5d ago
More jobs from this company
Apply for Site Reliability Engineer at Tribus Technology Pty Ltd
Quick apply
Save Site Reliability Engineer at Tribus Technology Pty Ltd
Save
Share
If you're looking to be part of an SRE team that thrives on project-based initiatives, then this opportunity is for you.

Our client has cultivated a remarkable engineering culture over time, striking the perfect balance that has resulted in exceptional employee retention rates.

Here's what you can expect:


Outcome-oriented environment: They tackle project-based initiatives with a well-defined road map for the next 2 years, focusing on ensuring the reliability and performance of their systems.
Hybrid work model: Enjoy the flexibility of remote work for most of the week, while having 1-2 office days dedicated to collaboration sessions.
Equal opportunity: Regardless of your level of experience, they empower all team members to contribute and provide them with the best tools to succeed in maintaining a robust infrastructure.
Emphasis on research and development: As a tech-focused company, they continuously innovate and improve their systems to stay ahead in today's competitive market.
Supportive leadership: The leadership team encourages open communication, welcomes concerns, and values constructive feedback.
The tech stack is ever-changing but it currently includes; 

Jenkins | Terraform |  Ansible | Kubernetes | ArgoCD | Prometheus | Grafana | ELK | Node.JS | React | .Net | Kafka 

As an SRE, you'll join a team of 4 highly skilled engineers dedicated to ensuring the reliability and scalability of the systems for their global customer base.

To succeed in this role you will need to be comfortable with at least 3 of the following; 

Jenkins or GitLab 
Terraform 
Ansible 
Kubernetes 
Grafana 
Prometheus 
Currently, they’re building on-prem but are about to start their cloud journey with AWS. 

They value your attitude and passion for growth over specific technology expertise. If you’re eager to learn and develop your skills, they will provide you with the tools and support to succeed.

Please apply or email me directly for more information; greg.moore@tribustechnology.com

If you don’t quite fit the requirements but are interested in having a conversation with one of our senior consultants please send your resume to careers@tribustechnology.com 

You can also follow us on LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/company/tribus-technology
Report this job advert
Be careful
Don’t provide your bank or credit card details when applying for jobs.
Learn how to protect yourself
Report this job ad 
Computer Science courses
Courses that get you job-ready
Industry recognised providers
Explore courses
Benefits of study
Study & career advice
Job seekers
Job search
Profile
Recommended jobs
Saved searches
Saved jobs
Applied jobs
Career advice
Explore careers
Company reviews
Download apps
SEEK sites
Employers
Register for free
Post a job ad
Products & prices
Customer service
Hiring advice
Market insights
Recruitment software partners
About SEEK
About SEEK
Newsroom
Investors
Work for SEEK
International partners
Partner services
Contact
Help centre
Contact us
Product & tech blog
SEEK videos
Social
Australia
Privacy policy
Terms & conditions
Protect yourself online
© SEEK. All rights reserved