
Senior Analyst, Devops & Automation
NAB
3.0
•
943 reviews
Melbourne VIC
Engineering - Software (Information & Communication Technology)
Full time
Posted 11d ago
More jobs from this company
Apply for Senior Analyst, Devops & Automation at NAB
Apply
Save Senior Analyst, Devops & Automation at NAB
Save
Share
Build your career in a highly engaged and successful team
Bring your ideas, ambitions, and passions – both in and outside of work 
Work in a collaborative and inclusive team environment 

A career that gives you more

It’s more than a career at NAB. It’s about more opportunity, more moments to make a difference and more focus on you. 

You make NAB. You get it done for our customers and our communities. You’re laying the foundations for NAB’s future success. Together we’ll grow, excel for our customers, and make this a workplace to be proud of. 

It’s a good time to see what more you can find at NAB as Senior Analyst, DevOps & Automation.

 

The Role

Provide technical expertise in deploying strategic Payments Integration assets (supporting Domestic Fast/NPP and International/SWIFT) to new infrastructure platforms, including the uplift of those platforms, and automation of build, deployment, and control processes. This role will use your strong technical skills to:

Design and develop the code and workflow for CI/CD, enabling infrastructure as code.

Help our development teams optimize their cloud use by codifying the controls in tooling & patterns.  The role is to perform as a development enabler for the Payments Integration team, securely automating their delivery pipeline, and providing input to pipeline technical design choices.

Day to day will include: 

Keep up to date with new tools and technologies relevant to the Service and proactively promote new tools and methodologies adoption.
Resolve technical barriers and roadblocks impacting delivery teams.
Promoting cloud-native architectures, designs and development techniques for new and existing systems.
Design & creation of deployment tooling including CI/CD pipelines, frameworks, libraries, repositories.
Be a go-to person for Developers, QA and SRE team members for troubleshooting and self-service.
Track delivery outcomes against key performance indicators and provide reporting to the Senior DevOps & Automation Consultant.

What you will bring

2+ years working with public cloud (AWS preferred, Azure advantageous)
AWS: ECS, EC2, Autoscaling Groups, EKS, RDS Aurora (Postgres), Elasticache, Lambda
Azure: AKS, Flexible Servers (Postgres)
Experience in infrastructure-as-code using Terraform/Ansible. Software development experience with Java is also beneficial.
Engineering CI/CD pipeline automation, tooling (e.g., GitHub, Jenkins, Harness, Artifactory, Docker, Gradle).
Ability to write efficient scripts with languages such as such as Python, Bash and Groovy
Serverless, microservice & container-based pattern development.
Interest in the entire application stack; from network, security, through platform OS to application code. Backgrounds in infrastructure or platform security are well regarded.
Confluence, Rally, SharePoint for workflow & collaboration, or similar.
Critical thinking: methodically stepping through new problems to find the root cause
Willingness to learn & apply new learning to problem-solve

 

A diverse and inclusive workplace works better for everyone.  

At NAB, we’re intent on building a culture we can all be proud of. One based on trust and respect. An uplifting environment where every single one of us feels appreciated and empowered to be our true, authentic selves. A diverse and inclusive workplace where our differences are celebrated, and our contributions are valued. It’s a huge part of what makes NAB such a special place to be. 
 

Continuing building your career at NAB  
If you think this role is the right fit for you, we invite you to apply. As a valued internal colleague/hiring manager will be happy to have a confidential chat to you about your experience and interest in the role. 

To avoid disappointment, you are encouraged to have a minimum of 18 months tenure in your current role and your people leader’s endorsement to apply and participate in the selection process. To be eligible to apply, you must have Australian or New Zealand citizenship or Australian permanent residency status.  

 Please note candidate screening methodologies and interviews may be conducted prior to the closing date of the job advert. 

 

 

 

Report this job advert
Be careful
Don’t provide your bank or credit card details when applying for jobs.
Learn how to protect yourself
Report this job ad 
Upskill in python programming language to better prepare for this job

Python

The Learning People

Up to 55 hours self-paced

Online

Start Anytime

