Cloud Architect
Skip to content
Jobs
Courses
Businesses for sale
Volunteering
SEEK
Job search
Profile
Career advice
Company reviews
Sign in
Employer site
Cloud Architect
Technology One Limited
4.1
•
37 reviews
Brisbane QLD
Architects (Information & Communication Technology)
Full time
Competitive remuneration & benefits
Posted 18d ago
More jobs from this company
Apply for Cloud Architect at Technology One Limited
Apply
Save Cloud Architect at Technology One Limited
Save
Share

How you'll make a difference...

As a Cloud Software Architect, you will play a vital role in shaping and implementing our cloud-based software solutions. You will be responsible for designing, developing, and deploying scalable and reliable cloud architectures that meet the needs of our enterprise clients. Collaborating closely with cross-functional teams, you will contribute to the creation and evolution of our cloud infrastructure, ensuring its stability, performance, and security.

What you’ll be doing…

Architect and design cloud-based software solutions, considering scalability, reliability, performance, and security.
Collaborate with product managers, software engineers, SRE and DevOps teams to understand business requirements and translate them into technical specifications and architecture.
Develop and maintain a deep understanding of the existing TechnologyOne cloud infrastructure, platforms, and services, and identify opportunities for optimization and enhancement.
Design and implement cloud architecture patterns and best practices, including microservices, serverless, containerization, and event-driven architectures.
Ensure the security and compliance of the cloud infrastructure, implementing robust security controls, monitoring mechanisms, and disaster recovery plans.
Collaborate with software development teams to define and enforce coding standards, delivery processes, and deployment automation.
Provide technical guidance and mentorship to software engineers and other team members, fostering a culture of innovation and continuous learning

Your skillset …

Strong experience & expertise in a Cloud platform such as AWS, AZURE or google cloud platform.
Solid understanding of cloud architecture patterns, microservices, serverless computing, containerization and event driven architectures.
Relevant degree, qualification or job experience within the industry.

We value diversity and aim to create a vibrant and inclusive workforce. If you meet a number of the requirements (and not all), we encourage you to submit your application.

 

Benefits …

24 hours on-site Gym in Brisbane (state of the art equipment) or a company paid gym membership in our other HQ offices.
Purchased additional annual leave benefit. Option to extend leave to 6 weeks.
Foundation leave, an additional 2.5 days per year to volunteer with registered charities.
Free breakfast on-site.
TechnologyOne employee share plan.
Salary packaging for devices like mobile phones, tablets & smart watches, as well as novated leases on cars and more.
Professional development allowance benefits for use on courses, conferences, workshops etc.

 

Who we are ...

TechnologyOne (ASX: TNE) is Australia’s largest enterprise software company and one of Australia’s top 100 ASX-listed companies, with locations across six countries. We provide a global SaaS ERP solution that transforms business and makes life simple for our customers. 

Our deeply integrated enterprise SaaS solution is available on any device, anywhere and any time and is incredibly easy to use. Over 1,200 leading corporations, government agencies, local councils and universities are powered by our software.

We pride ourselves on providing our people with earned recognition through career progression, competitive salaries and a supportive environment.

* Applicants must have the right to work permanently in Australia.

 

Report this job advert
Be careful
Don’t provide your bank or credit card details when applying for jobs.
Learn how to protect yourself
Report this job ad 
Upskill in amazon web services to better prepare for this job

AWS Cloud Architect

Upskilled

7 months part-time

Online

Start Anytime

Job seekers
Job search
Profile
Recommended jobs
Saved searches
Saved jobs
Applied jobs
Career advice
Explore careers
Company reviews
Download apps
SEEK sites
Employers
Register for free
Post a job ad
Products & prices
Customer service
Hiring advice
Market insights
Recruitment software partners
About SEEK
About SEEK
Newsroom
Investors
Work for SEEK
International partners
Partner services
Contact
Help centre
Contact us
Product & tech blog
SEEK videos
Social
Australia
Privacy policy
Terms & conditions
Protect yourself online
© SEEK. All rights reserved