Azure DevOps Consultant
Skip to content
Jobs
Courses
Businesses for sale
Volunteering
SEEK
Job search
Profile
Career advice
Company reviews
Sign in
Employer site
Azure DevOps Consultant
Arinco
Melbourne VIC
Consultants (Information & Communication Technology)
Full time
Posted 17d ago
More jobs from this company
Apply for Azure DevOps Consultant at Arinco
Quick apply
Save Azure DevOps Consultant at Arinco
Save
Share

Who are we:

Born in 2019, Arinco is a leading IT consultancy focused on helping businesses to digitally innovate using Microsoft cloud technology.

Today we innovators in cloud technology, and a Microsoft Advanced Specialised Consulting firm – in 8 different categories – the FASTEST growing Microsoft Partner in Australia and New Zealand.

We work with organisations, large and small, to solve their business challenges and support their growth. We achieve this through effective partnering and by fully embedding ourselves into their IT teams to deliver cutting-edge cloud solutions.

Our mantra is simple: Enable. Modernise. Innovate.

In our four years, we have proudly built our team of Crewies who share a mutual love of tech, learning and collaboration. We now have 130 + Crew members across the country and we are continuously hiring poised for continued growth.

We have offices based in Melbourne, Sydney and Brisbane plus we also offer remote and flexible working options across Australia – don’t let location be a barrier!

If you’re a Developer, or a DevOps specialist who’s passionate about Azure – please read on!

What are we looking for:

Experience delivering technical solutions / driving business outcomes.
Deep understanding of either DevOps or DevSecOps or Application Development.
A passion for all things Azure / broad knowledge of Azure technologies.
Excellent comms, great soft skills, and an upbeat attitude!
Previous exposure to some of the following is a desirable:
Experienced with building CI/CD or IaC pipelines and deploying code using Bicep or ARM templates or Terraform.
Running applications using Azure platform services.
Running, maintaining Infrastructure services
Creating tools and frameworks to enable dev teams. 
Applying SRE principals to monitor and measure what’s important.
Automating customer platforms for reliability at scale
Proactively seeking platform and application improvement opportunities for our customers

What we offer our Crew:

People First Culture – we’re an authentic and empowered community, committed to contributing ideas, making a difference, and succeeding together.
Growth And Support – we learn, share, support and grow together, both organically and through individual training initiatives.
Work That Works for You - You can be based anywhere in Australia, with the option of working from home, office, or hybrid- we focus on outcomes, not where or when you work and provide a flexible and balanced work/life environment.
Crew Connection – regular squad outings, Crew musters, social interest groups, and Crew events.
Tech Done Your Way - a personal $2,500 annual technology allowance to purchase tech that works best for you.
The Crew Hub – modern, central CBD collaboration spaces, complete with 1st Class end-of-trip facilities. A great place to connect and get together - should you choose to attend!

Arinco is an equal opportunity employer, and we welcome all applications - particularly those from underrepresented groups

At this stage we are only able to consider Australian based candidates with unrestricted working rights

Arinco does not currently require the assistance of recruitment agencies. Thank you.

Report this job advert
Be careful
Don’t provide your bank or credit card details when applying for jobs.
Learn how to protect yourself
Report this job ad 
Travel and Tourism courses
Courses that get you job-ready
Industry recognised providers
Explore courses
Benefits of study
Study & career advice
Job seekers
Job search
Profile
Recommended jobs
Saved searches
Saved jobs
Applied jobs
Career advice
Explore careers
Company reviews
Download apps
SEEK sites
Employers
Register for free
Post a job ad
Products & prices
Customer service
Hiring advice
Market insights
Recruitment software partners
About SEEK
About SEEK
Newsroom
Investors
Work for SEEK
International partners
Partner services
Contact
Help centre
Contact us
Product & tech blog
SEEK videos
Social
Australia
Privacy policy
Terms & conditions
Protect yourself online
© SEEK. All rights reserved