DevOps Engineer
Skip to content
Jobs
Courses
Businesses for sale
Volunteering
SEEK
Job search
Profile
Career advice
Company reviews
Sign in
Employer site
DevOps Engineer
Indue Ltd
3.6
•
20 reviews
North Sydney, Sydney NSW
Developers/Programmers (Information & Communication Technology)
Full time
Competitive Salary + annual bonus
Posted 29d ago
More jobs from this company
Apply for DevOps Engineer at Indue Ltd
Quick apply
Save DevOps Engineer at Indue Ltd
Save
Share
About Us

IIndue offers a range of technology payment solutions, including market leading financial crime solutions, New Payments Platform, mobile payments and card programs in a B2B market

Our competitive advantage is based on our commitment to consistently delivering real service, being flexible and innovative, and building strong partnerships with our clients. We value our people because we know our success depends on them. 

Visit our website at www.indue.com.au for more information.

What We Offer
Work-life Balance: Flexible working arrangements, ability to work from home and meeting free Fridays.
Career development: Learning & Development programs, study assistance, internal movements, and secondment opportunities. 
Reward & Recognition: Excellent recognition programs appreciating employee’s contributions, service anniversaries and Annual Awards. 
Culture: Collaborative and inclusive culture, approachable leadership team who provide monthly updates, and regular social celebrations.
Wellness: Employee Assistance Program, discounted Health Insurance and ability to purchase additional leave.
About the Role

Reporting to the Technical Delivery Lead, the DevOps Engineer role is responsible for implementing, optimising, and maintaining Indue applications and services, both on-premises and in the cloud. Supporting a mix of project delivery and operations, the DevOps Engineer plays a key role in deployment and operation of infrastructure and applications to ensure the effective delivery of services to customers.

The key focus for the DevOps Engineer is quality delivery of infrastructure systems and services, enabling critical business applications, both on-premise and in the cloud. With scope across the full technology stack, the role will work closely with key stakeholders across the business and other technology teams to build highly scalable, resilient, and secure systems for hybrid and multi cloud platforms. 

Responsibilities for the role include: 

Strive to improve systems while contributing to a culture which embraces contemporary practices and approaches such as Agile and DevOps.
Evaluate, design and plan complex systems; and as appropriate recommend resource requirements to maintain or enhance service levels and/or system performance. 
Contribute to development and maintenance of Infrastructure/DevOps Standards.  Implement solutions in-line with Indue standards, including completion of operationalisation activities.
Participation in estimation, quotation, and customer tender processes.
Embrace a customer centric approach to operational support and support tickets as per the SLAs. Actively monitor and respond to the alerts received.
Develop and maintain resilient, recoverable, stable, and highly available infrastructure. Continually drive improvements in performance of infrastructure and systems. 
Provide technical leadership to teams, identifying and managing risks associated with the scalability, availability, and performance of all infrastructure. Act as an escalation point for complex issues related to platform systems and services. 
Ensure that operational infrastructure governance items are completed.
Constantly review and enhance work processes, systems and policies and maintain awareness, understanding and compliance with the policies and procedures.
About You

You’d be a great match for us if you possess majority of the following skills and attributes:

5+ years’ experience in a DevOps Engineer role or similar (Platform Engineer/SRE)
In-depth knowledge of RedHat Linux and/or Microsoft Windows Server operating systems.
Demonstrated experience using DevOps practices and tools to deliver and manage infrastructure.
Demonstrated problem-solving and analytical skills.
Demonstrated ability to develop written technical documentation.
Demonstrated ability to work collaboratively as part of a team, or independently as needed.
Strong communication and interpersonal skills.

It would be a bonus to have some of the following skills and exposures in the mix:

Relevant industry certifications (RedHat, Microsoft, Azure, Kubernetes).
Experience with infrastructure-as-code and configuration management tools (Puppet, Terraform, Git) to provision both on-premises and cloud infrastructure and applications.
Experience working in a complex environment supporting multiple parallel projects.
Experience in the banking and payments industry.
Sounds like you?

Please use the 'Apply Now' button below to submit your Cover Letter and Resume, demonstrating your relevant experience for the role.

No agency enquiries - only direct candidates with full working rights in Australia will be considered. Candidates may be requested to complete a criminal history check and provide their COVID-19 vaccination status as part of our recruitment process.

Employer questions
Your application will include the following questions:
Which of the following statements best describes your right to work in Australia?
What's your expected annual base salary?
How much notice are you required to give your current employer?
Which of the following statements best describes your Covid-19 vaccination status?
Report this job advert
Be careful
Don’t provide your bank or credit card details when applying for jobs.
Learn how to protect yourself
Report this job ad 
Upskill in kubernetes to better prepare for this job

Getting Started with Google Kubernetes Engine

Lumify Work

1 day full-time

Online

Contact provider for next start date

Job seekers
Job search
Profile
Recommended jobs
Saved searches
Saved jobs
Applied jobs
Career advice
Explore careers
Company reviews
Download apps
SEEK sites
Employers
Register for free
Post a job ad
Products & prices
Customer service
Hiring advice
Market insights
Recruitment software partners
About SEEK
About SEEK
Newsroom
Investors
Work for SEEK
International partners
Partner services
Contact
Help centre
Contact us
Product & tech blog
SEEK videos
Social
Australia
Privacy policy
Terms & conditions
Protect yourself online
© SEEK. All rights reserved