
DevOps Engineer
NCS Group  Melbourne, Victoria, Australia
1 week ago  124 applicants
  
See who NCS Group has hired for this role
Apply
Save

Direct message the job poster from NCS Group

Arianne Akber
Senior Talent Acquisition Business Partner at NCS Group

About us:

At NCS Australia we bring together the best of the Dialog and NCS Groups to deliver impactful solutions to Australian Enterprise and Government organisations. For over 44 years the Dialog Group have been partnering with clients throughout their digital transformation journey across strategic IT consulting, full lifecycle application development, managed application services, quality assurance and operational support.




As part of the NCS Group, we now have a broader reach across APAC and a complimentary set of products and services. For our people, it means further career development opportunities, diverse projects and exposure to new and emerging technology.




As a consultant engaging with our clients, you will:

Work with key stakeholders to achieve world’s best practice processes in major projects
Work on a wide variety of interesting and challenging assignments
Work with colleagues in partnership with clients who are committed to achieving their business objectives
Enjoy a working environment in which effort, creativity and a positive attitude are highly valued
Have extensive training opportunities through the NCS Academy, which offers a wide range of ICT and Business skills courses
Work with likeminded colleagues who share information and focus on the goal, driving the project and their careers further and faster




About the role:

We require a Senior DevOps Engineer to join our professional consulting team. We are seeking a person who will bring previous enterprise environment experience as a DevOps engineer, and who has a focus on great delivery outcomes.




Key Responsibilities:

Report on costs, performance, failures, controls, Feature Toggles, analytics and observability
Manage cloud and configs, with a good knowledge and experience of Cloud technologies
Manage and template config tools such as Launch Darkly, Snyk, ServiceNow, etc.
Integrate and automate tooling and systems to improve efficiency
Assist teams in integrating tools into pipelines. Looks after developer productivity dashboards, performance, feature toggles and observability. Responsible for the integration and automation of tooling and systems and helps teams get all the tools integrated into pipelines.




About you:

Platform Engineering experience (Software Engineering/AppSecurity Engineering/DevOps/SRE/Observability)
Programming skills: Python, Java, C#, TypeScript, and JavaScript, Yml, helm
Experience with virtualization technologies such as Docker and virtual machines, as well as cloud platforms like AWS and Azure.
Dynamic Configuration Management tools and Integration Experience (ServiceNow, Ansible, Score, LaunchDarkly, Kafka, Confluent, Snyk, SonarQube, Jmeter, New Relic, Splunk. etc) GitOps, ChatOps, OPA, Deployment Gating and Release Management Automation
Scripting and shell scripting: Bash, PowerShell, and Python scripting.
Proven ability to work effectively with development and operations teams to align processes and implement automation solutions.
Understanding of security best practices and experience implementing security measures, such as network segmentation, access control, and encryption.




Why join us:

At the NCS Group, you'll be part of a team invested in your growth. You'll have access to our leading learning and development program, be mentored by some of the industry's best and have a worldwide network of career opportunities.




Other important stuff:

We value our people and the communities we serve; being different, diverse and inclusive is important to us. We're also committed to Equal Employment Opportunity Principles and providing reasonable accommodations to all of our applicants. If you need a modification or special assistance to navigate our website or complete your application, please send an email with your request to arianne.akber@au.ncs-i.com.




If you'd like to be part of the future of the NCS Group Australia, please click “Apply” now.




To be considered, applicants must have full work rights for Australia and be willing to undergo comprehensive background checks, including probity and police checks.

Show more 
Seniority level
Mid-Senior level
Employment type
Full-time
Job function
Marketing and Sales
Industries
IT Services and IT Consulting
  

