
Site Reliability Engineer I
Apptio  Melbourne, Victoria, Australia
2 days ago  49 applicants
  
See who Apptio has hired for this role
Apply
Save
Overview

This position is open to fully-remote work from Australia

In this role, you will be part of a team that develops and supports the Apptio Kubernetes Platform (AKP) where all Apptio applications are deployed. In a typical day you will interact with Github, Linux, Kubernetes, ArgoCD, Docker, Confluence, Jira, Slack, and AWS.

You Are

You are passionate about problem solving and reliability and have experience in SRE or an adjacent role. Your team can count on you to solve challenging problems across the entire Apptio Portfolio. You collaborate with other SREs, developers, and support teams to help provide value to the broader organization. You take responsibility when fixing problems in an automated code first way and are happy to step outside your comfort zone to develop your skillset.

You Are Not

A Kubernetes or cloud expert with many years of experience. This is an early-level position; we want you to help us, and we also want to help you grow.

We Are

The Platform and Site Reliability Engineering team - PRE - at Apptio is responsible for enhancing and maintaining our Kubernetes platform and driving the adoption of SRE best practices across our engineering teams. We are a distributed team working across three locations including the United States, Poland and Australia.

Responsibilities

Manage deployments of Apptio services to AKP
Streamline the deployment process
Improve observability of the services within your purview by reviewing KPI dashboards and alerting
Author and maintain documentation of deployment and monitoring processes
Use runbooks to troubleshoot and triage production issues
Detect issues and handle Tier 1-2 troubleshooting
Participate in online “swarm” collaboration sessions
Collaborate with service developers
Participate in on-call rotation
Perform maintenance of the platform (patching, resets, upgrades, etc.)

Qualifications

1-2 years’ experience in an SRE or adjacent role
Foundational understanding of at least one programming language and source control (Preferably Golang)
Experience with distributed application deployment and management
Experience with container technologies (e.g., Kubernetes, Docker)
Experience with Infrastructure-as-code (IaC) concepts
Experience with cloud provider services such as AWS, Azure, or Google Cloud Platform
Familiarity with RESTful systems and their APIs
Desire working with a remote team
Fluent English language skills
AU resident

The Company

Apptio is the leading technology spend and value management company for financial and operational decisions across Information Technology (IT), multi-cloud FinOps, and product development. Apptio's mission is to deliver business value with every technology investment. Powered by Apptio’s cloud platform and AI/ML data engine, Apptio’s SaaS applications translate technology spend into clear business outcomes and financial ROI. Apptio applications deliver six key capabilities: cost transparency, actionable insights, planning and forecasting, usage and consumption, value management, and showback/chargeback. As a trusted leader in FinOps and Technology Business Management (TBM) with thousands of customers worldwide, Apptio empowers leaders to cut costs and redirect investments to digital innovation. For more information, please visit www.apptio.com.

Leaders In The Organization Consistently Showcase The Following Key Attributes And Look To Build Teams That Embrace These Qualities Every Day

As an organization, Apptio has an established culture; it is open, transparent, and very customer focused.

Growth Mindset
Dealing with ambiguity and change
Take ownership and has accountability
Customer-focused
Foster an inclusive environment

Apptio, Inc. complies with applicable local and federal laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities.

Apptio, Inc. provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, marital status, amnesty, or status as a covered veteran in accordance with applicable US federal, state, and local laws.

Apptio Inc. is not open to 3rd party solicitation or resumes for our posted FTE positions. Resumes received from 3rd party agencies that are unsolicited will be considered complimentary.
Show more 
Seniority level
Not Applicable
Employment type
Full-time
Job function
Engineering and Information Technology
Industries
Software Development
  

