
Engineering Manager, Site Reliability
Google  Sydney, New South Wales, Australia
5 days ago  150 applicants
  
See who Google has hired for this role
Apply
Save
At Google, we have a vision of empowerment and equitable opportunity for all Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples and commit to building reconciliation through Google’s technology, platforms and people and we welcome Indigenous applicants. Please see our Reconciliation Action Plan for more information.

Minimum qualifications:


Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, a related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.
3 years of experience in technical leadership and people management.
Experience working with C, C++, Java, Go, or Python.


Preferred qualifications:


Experience in problem-solving and analyzing global scale distributed systems.
Experience in Unix/Linux systems, IP networking, performance, and application issues.
Experience with recruiting and managing a team of engineers on large-scale projects.
Experience in algorithms, data structures, and software design.
Knowledge of technical coding, networking, operating systems and storage.
Excellent stakeholder management and communication skills.


About The Job

Site Reliability Engineering (SRE) combines software and systems engineering to build and run large-scale, massively distributed, fault-tolerant systems. SRE ensures that Google's services—both our internally critical and our externally-visible systems—have reliability, uptime appropriate to users' needs and a fast rate of improvement. Additionally SRE’s will keep an ever-watchful eye on our systems capacity and performance. Much of our software development focuses on optimizing existing systems, building infrastructure and eliminating work through automation.

On the SRE team, you’ll have the opportunity to manage the complex challenges of scale which are unique to Google, while using your expertise in coding, algorithms, complexity analysis and large-scale system design.

SRE's culture of diversity, intellectual curiosity, problem solving and openness is key to its success. Our organization brings together people with a wide variety of backgrounds, experiences and perspectives. We encourage them to collaborate, think big and take risks in a blame-free environment. We promote self-direction to work on meaningful projects, while we also strive to create an environment that provides the support and mentorship needed to learn and grow.

To learn more: check out our books on Site Reliability Engineering or read a career profile about why a Software Engineer chose to join SRE.

Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible.

Responsibilities


Lead a team of Software/Systems Engineers on projects.
Manage availability and performance of mission critical services and build automation to prevent problem recurrence.
Manage on-call rotations across continents, using a follow-the-sun model.
Design, write, and deliver software to improve the availability, scalability, latency, and efficiency of services.


Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing our Accommodations for Applicants form .
Show more 
Seniority level
Not Applicable
Employment type
Full-time
Job function
Project Management, Strategy/Planning, and Other
Industries
Information Services and Technology, Information and Internet
  

