
100% Remote (AUS) Sr. SysOps Site Reliability Engineer
Cayuse  Victoria, Australia
1 week ago  63 applicants
  
See who Cayuse has hired for this role
Apply
Save

Direct message the job poster from Cayuse

Amanda Koenig (She/Her)
Senior Corporate Recruiter at Cayuse

Job Title: Sr. SysOps Site Reliability Engineer

Location: Remote-Australia

Department: IT

Job Type: Full-time




Cayuse does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our job’s alias or any Cayuse employees. Cayuse is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.




Cayuse does not sponsor applications for work visas.

Not open to C2C or contractors

100% Remote in Australia

Your Challenge

A Senior Site Reliability Engineer is responsible for ensuring smooth and efficient operation of our cloud environment. We are currently seeking an engineer with in-depth experience to join our Site Reliability Engineering team. This individual will utilize production metrics and performance to provide expert advice on the platform designs, standards, requirements implementation, and product releases. The ideal candidate for this role will have a deep understanding of practices around automation and SRE principles which includes programs to increase visibility into runtime performance as well as optimizing the systems to meet all our SLAs.

Your Responsibilities

Participate in the day-to-day responsibilities of SRE and Cloud support teams.
Maintain the cloud operating environments with a focus on quality and resilience aspects in release, system performance, platform availability, operational efficiency, and risk management.
Automate and operate our platforms and procedures to increase reliability, stability, and scalability as our usage grows and technology transforms.
Participate in incident response, disaster recovery, and production support testing and implementations.
Monitor service level objectives to recommend and implement adjustments to ensure the objectives are met.
Leading new projects and initiatives around site reliability, developing or finding net-new solutions, evaluating products, and leading discussions on technology topics
Execute software release processes to ensure reliable application deployments across global environments with minimal downtime.
Manage the patching and updating of the systems in a highly available manner providing secure and resilient systems.
Review existing processes and recommend changes or institute new processes as needed.
Work closely with our support and engineering teams to implement standard processes and consistent approaches to issue resolution.
Collaborate with Compliance & Security teams to implement and maintain controls defined in compliance programs.
Prepare and present reports of incidents and remediations.
Assess system data and error logs, along with user reports, to determine areas for improvement or repair.
Analyze and review implementations to ensure security best practices are implemented.
Coordination with security operations during high-risk events and incidents
Manage the processes for securing classified and sensitive information within the Hosted environments.
Mentoring those around you, showing thought-leadership and helping educate the team on best practices.
Provide operational KPI metrics and reports to senior management.
Improve service observability, incident response, and maintain operational excellence.
Build appropriate tooling, implement metrics and reports to help proactively detect issues and resolve them before impacting our customer experience.

Your Qualifications

3+ years’ experience in a DevOps and/or Site Reliability Engineering position
3+ years working with public cloud technologies (AWS/GCP)
3+ years’ experience developing automation tools and implementing Infrastructure as Code
3+ years of experience managing servers and IT infrastructure.
Knowledge of Information Security Fundamentals including HIPAA, SOC2, NIST, and ISO 27001 compliance
Understanding of distributed systems and their commonly associated problems
Quality first mindset with a strong background and experience with developing products for a global audience at scale.
Deep understanding of Site Reliability Engineering (SRE) philosophy, platforms and tools, SLA management, incident resolution, and automation
Proven strategic and tactical thinker, able and comfortable translating business strategy into architectures/plans and equally comfortable rolling-up-your sleeves to problem solve with your team.
Ability to multi-task and effectively manage multiple projects, competing priorities, and adeptly re-prioritize based on changing needs.

Benefits

25 days annual leave
Contribution to Medical Insurance
Fun, innovative, rapidly expanding company with Industrious Spirit

Show more 
Seniority level
Associate
Employment type
Full-time
Job function
Information Technology, Engineering, and Quality Assurance
Industries
Software Development
  

