
Site Reliability Engineer - SRE Engineer
Jobs via eFinancialCareers Melbourne, Victoria, Australia
Apply
Email
Password (8+ characters)
Site Reliability Engineer - SRE Engineer
Jobs via eFinancialCareers  Melbourne, Victoria, Australia
4 days ago   Be among the first 25 applicants
  
See who Jobs via eFinancialCareers has hired for this role
Apply
Email
Password (8+ characters)
Save
We're seeking a Site Reliability Engineer with a passion for software reliability. We aim to provide the most reliable products and service in financial industry.




In this role you will be responsible for:




Application of Observability principles within our infrastructure, environments and software
Application of best practice SLI's, SLO's, metrics, and error budgets
Develop and implement comprehensive monitoring, logging and alerting technologies
Establish and implement strategies for canary releases, feature toggling and rollback back practices
Collaboration with feature teams to ensure reliability practices are integrated into development
Implement continuous learning through blameless postmortems
Participate in improving incident management and application of best practices.
Establishing Release Engineering best practices
Developing reliability software patterns and practices (e.g. circuit breaker, retry etc).
Help achieve the goal of 'push on green' for deployments


Skills required:




Strong experience in software engineering
Strong experience in SLO, metrics, logging, and tracing
Proven record of accomplishment in automating toil
Excellent understanding of modern software development practices, tools and technologies
A passion for getting things done, balancing short- and long-term needs
Influencing software engineers on reliability
Influence and technical leadership capabilities to drive change in environments, manage stakeholders and get alignment cross functionally
Strong DevOps fundamentals with preference for Java, Golang, Microservices and other cloud technologies


What is in it for you:




This is an opportunity to play a pivotal role in shaping Engineering for Macquarie Bank
Enjoy the satisfaction of making a difference and being part of a team that drives positive change in the bank and the industry
Be part of a forward-thinking organisation that embraces new technologies and modern engineering practices
Be part of a team that deeply values diversity and creates space for you to be your best, in a modern & inclusive environment with a strong focus on employee experience
Being hands-on with the latest cloud technologies including Google Cloud to tackle interesting banking and finance problems
Ongoing professional development and free technical certification


About the Corporate Operations Group




The Corporate Operations Group brings together specialist support services in Digital Transformation & Data, Technology, Operations, Human Resources, Business Services, Corporate Strategy & Solutions, and the Macquarie Group Foundation. We deliver service excellence to ensure Macquarie is open for business, deliver on transformational change, invest in our people and have deep relationships with our customers.




Our commitment to Diversity, Equity and Inclusio




About The Corporate Operations Group




The Corporate Operations Group brings together specialist support services in Digital Transformation & Data, Technology, Operations, Human Resources, Business Services, Corporate Strategy & Solutions, and the Macquarie Group Foundation. We deliver service excellence to ensure Macquarie is open for business, deliver on transformational change, invest in our people and have deep relationships with our customers.




Our commitment to Diversity, Equity and Inclusion




The diversity of our people is one of our greatest strengths. An inclusive and equitable environment enables us to deliver innovative and sustainable outcomes for our people, clients, shareholders and communities. From day one, you'll be encouraged to be yourself and supported to perform at your best. If our purpose of 'empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future' is as inspiring to you as it is to us, please apply. With the right technology, support and resources, our people can work in a range of flexible ways.




We are committed to providing a working environment that embraces and values diversity, equity and inclusion. We encourage candidates to speak with a member of our recruitment team if you require adjustments to our recruitment process to support you, and the type of working arrangements that would help you thrive.




<


Show more 
Seniority level
Entry level
Employment type
Full-time
Job function
Engineering and Information Technology
Industries
Staffing and Recruiting
  

