
Site Reliability Engineers - Mid to Senior - AWS / K8's
Talent.Realised Pty Ltd North Sydney, New South Wales, Australia
Apply
Site Reliability Engineers - Mid to Senior - AWS / K8's
Talent.Realised Pty Ltd  North Sydney, New South Wales, Australia
3 weeks ago   Be among the first 25 applicants
  
See who Talent.Realised Pty Ltd has hired for this role
Apply
Save
Senior Site Reliability Engineer

We are an Australian born startup and we are making a positive impact on the lives of millions of Australians every year.

We have $40+ million in funding and 2-3 years of runway with more rounds to come and so much more room to grow!

We are looking for Mid & Senior Site Reliability Engineers who have transitioned from into SRE or DevOps from a Software Engineering background.

Salary ballpark is $120k to $160k base + super + benefits (including +7 days leave, paid personal & professional development and novated leasing)

More information on the role;

You wont be expected to be a full time programmer but they aren't looking for a SysAdmin either.
You will be spending your time building, maintaining & monitoring AWS infrastructure & building tooling that allows product teams to go faster.
CloudFormation & Terraform Infrastructure as Code tooling experience required.
Kubernetes experience would be ideal as they are looking to move to prod.
Previous experience of tight collaboration with developers & product teams would be highly beneficial.
We are looking for experienced Site Reliability Engineers who have;

3 to 5 years or more experience in and SRE or DevOps role.
A deep understanding of SRE best practices and processes.
Hands-on experience writing code & building tools.
Deep AWS experience & understanding.
Experience collaborating & working closely with software developers and development teams.
Experience with containerised and serverless architectures.
A few of the things we off our employees;

Flexible working arrangements (hybrid/remote)
+7 days of extra leave entitlements
Novated leasing arrangements
Learning and Development initiatives
An annual contribution for you to invest in your continued education
Regular social events to relax and connect with teammates
How to apply:

If you have just read this top to bottom and thought to yourself "holly sh!t, I need to work there" then I would suggest you click on apply (risky) OR email Josh with a quick bit on why you need to be considered; josh@talentrealised.com.au and follow him up with a phone call to discuss; 0423461061 (Safer option)
Show more 
Seniority level
Mid-Senior level
Employment type
Full-time
Job function
Information Technology
Industries
Staffing and Recruiting
  

