
Senior Site Reliability Engineer
Atlassian  Sydney, New South Wales, Australia
19 hours ago   Be among the first 25 applicants
  
See who Atlassian has hired for this role
Apply
Save
Working at Atlassian




Atlassian can hire people in any country where we have a legal entity. Assuming you have eligible working rights and a sufficient time zone overlap with your team, you can choose to work remotely or from an office (unless it’s necessary for your role to be performed in the office). Interviews and onboarding are conducted virtually, a part of being a distributed-first company.




We are looking for a Senior engineer who is passionate about scaling Cloud services to join our growing SRE team. The SRE team owns the infrastructure, operation, tooling and automation that Jira Cloud runs on (computes, databases, queues and caches) and understands how our product can use infrastructure to meet customer reliability and performance expectations and to maintain scalability and cost requirement for running Cloud services.




We are looking for an exceptional candidate to fulfil the role of a senior engineer who possesses a awareness of the latest industry trends, with a emphasis on reliability. It would be important and advantageous if you have a profound understanding of modern Cloud infrastructure, advanced programming skills, hands-on operational experience, and a desire to change the status quo. Your will gain hands-on operational experience, get opportunities to analyse and enhance our services and processes, and propel us to new heights of reliability, performance, scalability, and cost efficiency with a genuine experience sharing knowledge with others and uplifting the team as a whole. You will report directly to the Engineering Manager.




On Your First Day, We'll Expect You To Have




3+ years experience operating high-availability, fault-tolerant, scalable, distributed software in production: building monitoring, tweaking dashboards, defining alerts, writing runbooks, etc.
3+ years of hands-on engineering experience with public cloud offerings (AWS components like EC2, CloudFormation, RDS / Aurora, Caches, SQS - or equivalents, e.g. in GCP / Azure).
2+ years experience of hands-on familiarity with Unix / Linux operating systems.
2+ years experience of production troubleshooting, debugging, code improvement, and routine tasks automation.
Strong backend engineering experience in one or more prominent languages such as Java, Go or Python.
Excellent communication skills in written and verbal forms, and an ability to communicate complex technical issues to a range of technical and non-technical audiences (management, peers, clients).
Ability to handle regular on-call shift.
An ability and desire to mentor and coach engineers.




It would be great, but not mandatory if you had:




Experience in microservice architecture.
Experience in advanced understanding on performance and scalability




Bouns Point, If You Had




Deep understanding and hands-on experience of database performance, database libraries and client libraries, especially with Postgres and Aurora Read Replicas.




Our Perks & Benefits




To support you at work and play, our perks and benefits include ample time off, an annual education budget, paid volunteer days, and so much more.




About Atlassian




The world’s best teams work better together with Atlassian. From medicine and space travel, to disaster response and pizza deliveries, Atlassian software products help teams all over the planet. At Atlassian, we're motivated by a common goal: to unleash the potential of every team .




We believe that the unique contributions of all Atlassians create our success. To ensure that our products and culture continue to incorporate everyone's perspectives and experience, we never discriminate based on race, religion, national origin, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, or marital, veteran, or disability status. All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.




To learn more about our culture and hiring process, explore our Candidate Resource Hub .
Show more 
Seniority level
Mid-Senior level
Employment type
Full-time
Job function
Engineering and Information Technology
Industries
Software Development
  

