Skip to main content
Find jobs
Company reviews
Search Salary
Upload your resume
Sign in
Employers / Post Job
Start of main content
What
Where
Find Jobs
Senior Reliability Engineer
Baker Hughes
Moomba SA
Full-time
You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply
Apply on company site
Job details
No matching job preferences
Job Type
Full-time
Senior Reliability Engineer

Do you enjoy being part of team that provides high-quality project delivery for our customers?

Are you a Reliability Engineer who is keen to enhance your techniques across diverse industries?

Join our Baker Hughes - ARMS Team

ARMS Reliability, part of Baker Hughes Bently Nevada is a leading global provider of reliability solutions, supporting some of the world’s largest resource, power and utility companies. Using innovative technology, advisory services and decades of reliability engineering experience, we are transforming the way companies manage the reliability of their assets.

Partner with the Best

As a Senior Reliability Engineer, you will apply a wide variety of Reliability techniques to a diverse range of industries and effectively manage a project from beginning to end to meet customer expectations and all project deliverables. You will work as part of a team and often as a senior to lead and influence fellow Engineers.

As a Senior Reliability Engineer, you will be responsible for:

Applying wide variety of reliability techniques across diverse industries and client organisations while working on multiple major projects.

Managing projects and demonstrates Leadership capabilities in influencing and developing others.

Being an advisor and coach/trainer in a wide variety of Reliability methods and ARMS approaches

Training in Leadership and people management techniques.

Engaging effectively in business development and has a deep understanding of the different ways clients run their ASM, APM and how to identify the optimal outcomes for client success.

Leading by example and creates multiple options to achieve optimal outcomes, demonstrates behaviours which enhance others success and acts at all times as if the business were their own

Fuel your passion

To be successful in this role you will:

Have 5 years industry experience in a maintenance/reliability role, application of reliability methods and techniques gained in mining, processing, oil & gas, utilities or manufacturing

Have experienced in data analysis including extraction from various data sources the ability to summarize data into conclusions

Have experienced in managing projects and able to demonstrate skills in all project elements including timelines, deliverables and budgets

Have experienced in managing and coaching a team, along with preparation professional presentations

Have experienced in leading multi-disciplined groups in the facilitation of problem solving and/or process / maintenance improvement studies

Have impressive computer literacy, proficient in use of Microsoft office products, data analysis applications and experience in maintenance control databases and enterprise management software

Work in a way that works for you

We recognize that everyone is different and that the way in which people want to work and deliver at their best is different for everyone too. In this role, we can offer the following flexible working patterns:

Working flexible hours - flexing the times when you work in the day to help you fit everything in and work when you are the most productive

Working with us

Our people are at the heart of what we do at Baker Hughes. We know we are better when all of our people are developed, engaged and able to bring their whole authentic selves to work. We invest in the health and well-being of our workforce, train and reward talent and develop leaders at all levels to bring out the best in each other.

Working for you

Our inventions have revolutionized energy for over a century. But to keep going forward tomorrow, we know we have to push the boundaries today. We prioritize rewarding those who embrace change with a package that reflects how much we value their input. Join us, and you can expect:

Contemporary work-life balance policies and wellbeing activities

Comprehensive private medical care options

Safety net of life insurance and disability programs

Tailored financial programs

Additional elected or voluntary benefits

About Us:
We are an energy technology company that provides solutions to energy and industrial customers worldwide. Built on a century of experience and conducting business in over 120 countries, our innovative technologies and services are taking energy forward – making it safer, cleaner and more efficient for people and the planet.

Join Us:
Are you seeking an opportunity to make a real difference in a company that values innovation and progress? Join us and become part of a team of people who will challenge and inspire you! Let’s come together and take energy forward.

Baker Hughes Company is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, protected veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.
Report job
Hiring Lab
Career Advice
Browse Jobs
Browse Companies
Salaries
Indeed Events
Work at Indeed
Countries
About
Help Centre
ESG at Indeed
© 2023 Indeed
Accessibility at Indeed
Privacy Centre
Cookies
Privacy
Terms