
Site Reliability Engineer - RTOS
FIRESOFT People
Sydney NSW
Networks & Systems Administration (Information & Communication Technology)
Full time
$200k + Super + Bonus
Posted 16d ago
More jobs from this company
Apply for Site Reliability Engineer - RTOS at FIRESOFT People
Quick apply
Save Site Reliability Engineer - RTOS at FIRESOFT People
Save
Share

Are you a talented Site Reliability Engineer (SRE) looking for a position where you can truly make an impact and where your voice is heard? Are you looking to work in a mature and relaxed trading environment? Would you like to be very well compensated for the work you do? Then read on, this may be the role for you.

We are looking for a talented Site Reliability Engineer ( SRE) / Low-Level Systems Engineer for Trading Applications to join a growing Algorithmic Trading company based in Sydney. They work in the world of low-latency, high-frequency trading. The role is suited to a candidate with strong Linux skills and proficiency in many scripting languages.

Responsibilities
Support the Software Development Team
Design and Develop Automation tools to improve overall efficiency
Continuous improvement of their current trading systems infrastructure
Collaborate with all development teams to ensure high availability across the board

You
A minimum of 5 years of experience with Linux in a Low-Latency environment
A good understanding of latency, what causes it and how to avoid it in a trading system
Familiarity with Python collection
Strong Python or Perl proficiency
Python scripting and development experience
Good understanding of life-cycle phases, including testing, development and release
Discrete event simulation
Low-Level Network management experience
 
Nice to have
Database querying languages such as SQLite or MySQL.
Understanding of C and C++, GO, Rust
DevOps Experience
 
To apply for the role or to hear more, please click the “apply now” button. I’d be happy to go into more detail.

 
Employer questions
Your application will include the following questions:
How many years' experience do you have in a DevOps role?
Which of the following statements best describes your right to work in Australia?
How many years' experience do you have as a Site Reliability Engineer?
Report this job advert
Be careful
Don’t provide your bank or credit card details when applying for jobs.
Learn how to protect yourself
Report this job ad 
Upskill in python programming language to better prepare for this job

Python

The Learning People

Up to 55 hours self-paced

Online

Start Anytime

