SRE Tools Support Engineer
Accenture
Melbourne VIC
Full-time
You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply
Apply on company site
SRE Tools Support Engineer
Accenture - Melbourne VIC
Job
Company
Job details
No matching job preferences
Job Type
Full-time

About Accenture

Accenture is a global professional services company with leading capabilities in digital, cloud and security. Combining unmatched experience and specialized skills across more than 40 industries, we offer Strategy and Consulting, Technology and Operations services and Accenture Song — all powered by the world’s largest network of Advanced Technology and Intelligent Operations centers. Our 738,000 people deliver on the promise of technology and human ingenuity every day, serving clients in more than 120 countries. We embrace the power of change to create value and shared success for our clients, people, shareholders, partners and communities. Visit us at www.accenture.com.

The Role and Team

We are the Infrastructure Engineering Technology team, and we see ourselves as leaders in the IT advisory space providing strategy and implementation services to world-class enterprises around the globe. In the past we have successfully managed several Datacentre and Cloud Migration projects. This role is mapped to a large cloud migration project requires technically astute people with a keen interest in cloud tech.

Required Skills:

Demonstrated experience with AI and ML using Python

Good understanding of Elastic, Logstash and Kibana (ELK) stack

Experience with big data systems such as Splunk

Experience in developing datasets used for training systems

Understanding of IT infrastructure operations and event management

Experience of building solutions hosted on AWS

Due to the secure nature of this role, Australian Citizens with a federal government security clearance will be preferred.




At Accenture, we recognise that our people are multi-dimensional, and we create a work environment where all people feel like they can bring their authentic selves to work, every day.

Our unwavering commitment to inclusion and diversity unleashes innovation and creates a culture where everyone feels they have equal opportunity. Our range of progressive policies support flexibility in ‘where’, ‘when’ and ‘how’ our people work to ensure that Accenture is an organisation where you can strive for more, achieve great things and maintain the balance and wellbeing you need.

We encourage applications from all people, and we are committed to removing barriers to the recruitment process and employee lifecycle. All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, disability status, ethnicity, gender, gender identity or expression, religion or sexual orientation and we do not tolerate discrimination. If you require adjustments to the recruitment process or have a preferred communication method, please email exectalent@accenture.com and cite the relevant Job Number, or contact us on +61 2 9005 5000.

To ensure our workplace is inclusive and diverse we are setting bold goals and taking comprehensive action. To achieve these goals, we collect information that allows us to track the effectiveness of our Inclusion and Diversity programs. Learn how Accenture protects your personal data and know your rights in relation to your personal data. Read more about our Privacy Statement.

Equal Employment Opportunity Statement for Australia:

At Accenture, our philosophy is anchored in recognising that our people are multi-dimensional. We take an intersectional human approach to create a work environment where all people feel like they can bring their authentic selves to work, every day.

We believe that equality drives innovation. Our commitment to accelerating equality starts at the top with our board and CEO and extends across every part of the company. This comes to life when our people own the equality agenda, making it part of their jobs – every decision, every day – and feel free to speak up and to act.

We do not tolerate discrimination because of differences, such as age, ability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity or expression, religion, or sexual orientation. We want a workplace that is inclusive and diverse to that end we are setting bold goals and taking comprehensive action. To achieve these goals, we collect information that allows us to track the effectiveness of our Inclusion and Diversity programs.

