
EOTE004-SRE Junior Developer/Engineer & Tester 02
Accenture
3.6
•
202 reviews
Melbourne VIC
Business/Systems Analysts (Information & Communication Technology)
Full time
Posted 3d ago
More jobs from this company
Apply for EOTE004-SRE Junior Developer/Engineer & Tester 02 at Accenture
Apply
Save EOTE004-SRE Junior Developer/Engineer & Tester 02 at Accenture
Save
Share

Accenture is a global professional services company with leading capabilities in digital, cloud and security. Find out more about us at accenture.com.

About the role:

Transform testing into a continuous and efficient end to end quality engineering function through the use of quality processes, tools, and methodologies significantly improving control, accuracy and integrity. Evolve more predictive and intelligent testing approaches based on automation and innovative testing products and solutions.

Key Skills:1 years experience working in a DevOps delivery teamExperience with at least one of the following: ELK stack, Splunk, AWS solutions, database systems (Microsoft SQL, Oracle RDBMS, mySQL)Exposure to IT infrastructure operations beneficial

Visa type: ONLY CITIZENS

Clearance: Baseline or above

Equal Employment Opportunity Statement for Australia:

At Accenture, we recognise that our people are multi-dimensional, and we create a work environment where all people feel like they can bring their authentic selves to work, every day.

Our unwavering commitment to inclusion and diversity unleashes innovation and creates a culture where everyone feels they have equal opportunity. Our range of progressive policies support flexibility in ‘where’, ‘when’ and ‘how’ our people work to ensure that Accenture is an organisation where you can strive for more, achieve great things and maintain the balance and wellbeing you need.

We encourage applications from all people, and we are committed to removing barriers to the recruitment process and employee lifecycle. All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, disability status, ethnicity, gender, gender identity or expression, religion or sexual orientation and we do not tolerate discrimination. If you require adjustments to the recruitment process or have a preferred communication method, please email exectalent@accenture.com and cite the relevant Job Number, or contact us on +61 2 9005 5000.

To ensure our workplace is inclusive and diverse we are setting bold goals and taking comprehensive action. To achieve these goals, we collect information that allows us to track the effectiveness of our Inclusion and Diversity programs. Learn how Accenture protects your personal data and know your rights in relation to your personal data. Read more about our Privacy Statement.

Transform testing into a continuous and efficient end to end quality engineering function through the use of quality processes, tools, and methodologies significantly improving control, accuracy and integrity. Evolve more predictive and intelligent testing approaches based on automation and innovative testing products and solutions.

n/a

Equal Employment Opportunity Statement

At Accenture, our philosophy is anchored in recognising that our people are multi-dimensional. We take an intersectional human approach to create a work environment where all people feel like they can bring their authentic selves to work, every day.

We believe that equality drives innovation. Our commitment to accelerating equality starts at the top with our board and CEO and extends across every part of the company. This comes to life when our people own the equality agenda, making it part of their jobs – every decision, every day – and feel free to speak up and to act.

We do not tolerate discrimination because of differences, such as age, ability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity or expression, religion, or sexual orientation. We want a workplace that is inclusive and diverse to that end we are setting bold goals and taking comprehensive action. To achieve these goals, we collect information that allows us to track the effectiveness of our Inclusion and Diversity programs.

Report this job advert
Be careful
Don’t provide your bank or credit card details when applying for jobs.
Learn how to protect yourself
Report this job ad 
Thinking about a career as a Development Engineer?
Insights on salary & in-demand skills
Reviews from people working in the industry
Explore career
