
Senior Electrical Design Engineer
UGL – Projects – Rail Systems & Technology
3.6
•
435 reviews
Perth WA
Electrical/Electronic Engineering (Engineering)
Full time
Posted 4d ago
More jobs from this company
Apply for Senior Electrical Design Engineer at UGL – Projects – Rail Systems & Technology
Apply
Save Senior Electrical Design Engineer at UGL – Projects – Rail Systems & Technology
Save
Share

Your career with UGL can be long, diverse, challenging and rewarding.

Within the Rail and Technology Systems sector, UGL is a leading provider of integrated systems for road and rail infrastructure projects. We are uniquely positioned and resourced to support our clients in their goals of providing exceptional transport solutions. Our services include infrastructure building and asset management, rail systems, signalling and communications, tunnel, and intelligent transport systems.

The Opportunity

Under the direction and leadership of the SRE Electrical and in collaboration with other package leads, this role will undertake Electrical Engineering Design and associated activities for the PTA Radio Systems Replacement project and other assorted future projects. Working closely with the other discipline engineers, designers, and the project execution team to meet the operational, budgetary and schedule commitments of the project.

Key responsibilities include

Completion of allocated engineering design tasks to the required standard, within the require time frames and budgets.
Carry out interdisciplinary design reviews and checks.
Assist in the development of Safety-in-Design requirements, Human Factors, Project Hazard Logs, HAZID, Risk Assessments and Risk Control identification.
Support other engineering activities to ensure project compliance with obligations and requirements.
Overseeing the framework for defining the boundary and interface control both from a technical and assurance perspective.
Working with the various engineering teams, in the development and maintenance of requirements from the Business level, to Asset level, to Product level.
Package management of Engineering activities as required ensuring the works are completed within specified scope and timeframes.
Mentor and supervise the Junior Electrical Design Engineers as required.

Requirements to be successful

Degree in Electrical Engineering or equivalent
Experience in large scale, multi-discipline projects including infrastructure
Extensive knowledge in systems for Electrical Engineering including LV & HV electrical systems, switchboards and equipment selection, earthing and bonding, and protection systems
Some knowledge of communications systems including fibre optics, RF communications and other various comms systems.
At least 5 years’ experience in the design and implementation of LV and HV Electrical systems

What makes you right for UGL

Ability to provide a safe, supportive, and positive workplace
Empower a united and collaborative culture
Deliver technical excellence and create efficient, innovative solutions
Genuine concern for safety

Benefits

Diverse opportunities to grow, back yourself and achieve
Access to flexible working arrangements and 16 weeks paid primary parental leave options
Staff discount program across shopping, food and wine, insurance, health & wellbeing, leisure, salary packaging and more
Be supported to pursue educational and leadership development opportunities 
Access endless career options and pathways, because UGL backs our own with a preference to promote from within. We are also a member of the CIMIC Group, one of the world leading international contractors.

Job Reference 253332

The above qualifications and experience requirements are a guide to what we think will contribute to the success of this role, however if you do not tick all the boxes and feel that you could still be a fit then please apply, all applications will be considered. 

UGL is well-known and respected for providing end-to-end engineering, construction, and maintenance services within, rail and transport, communications and technology systems, oil and gas, power, renewables and resources, water, and defence markets. UGL partners with some of the world largest blue-chip companies and government agencies, private enterprises, and public institutions.

At UGL, we value diversity in the backgrounds, ideas, work styles and perspectives of our team. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and strongly encourage people with disability, Aboriginal & Torres Strait Islander people, mature aged workers, and people from culturally diverse backgrounds to apply.

Please note that relevant screening checks may be conducted as part of the recruitment process. These may include a national criminal history check and for you to undergo pre-employment medical assessment including drug and alcohol screen.

Report this job advert
Be careful
Don’t provide your bank or credit card details when applying for jobs.
Learn how to protect yourself
Report this job ad 
Electrical and Electronic Engineering and Technology courses
Courses that get you job-ready
Industry recognised providers
Explore courses
Benefits of study
Study & career advice
