
Software Engineer
CurveBeam AI  Melbourne, Victoria, Australia
5 days ago   Over 200 applicants
  
See who CurveBeam AI has hired for this role
Apply
Save

Direct message the job poster from CurveBeam AI

Yu Peng
CTO(AI) at CurveBeam AI | Visiting Professor at UTS | We're hiring!

Australian public company, CurveBeam AI Limited, is an innovative medical device business providing a leading-edge global medical CT platform, and offering SaaS-based AI solutions to key orthopedic and bone health conditions.




We are targeting the setting of a new standard of care, improving outcomes while reducing healthcare costs, in major underserved areas of healthcare. We value our people, their values, and foster a culture of teamwork, innovation and a focus on creating outcomes that make a difference.




About The Job

As a cloud application engineer, you will work in a rapidly growing team to:

Develop well-designed, maintainable and tested AI-powered back-end code using Go, Python or C++.
Collaborate with other engineers to develop, manage and deploy the scalable, highly available, and secure micro-service platform in the cloud.
Contribute to the product roadmap plan and architectural design; promote new techniques to the team.
Drive and enhance the CICD workflow to support deploying our AI platform in a consistent and rapid way in multiple regions all over the world.
Perform critical bottleneck and root cause analysis on the AI platform to bring forward any potential issues that can be improved or solved.
Propose and contribute new solutions for the futureproof AI platform to support the development of new medical applications rapidly and reliably.
Provide guidance to other engineers and actively participate in our hiring process.




About You

To be successful in this role, you will have the following:

At least 3 years of experience in commercial development with Go, Python or C++. Coding proficiency in at least two languages above is preferred.
At least 2 years of experience in developing applications on the cloud, including but not limited to AWS, GCP, or Azure.
Advanced working experience in Infrastructure as Code (IoC), e.g., AWS CloudFormation, Terraform, or CDK.
Highly proficient in container techniques, including Kubernetes, docker and its related tools.
Working experience in logging and monitoring tools, e.g., ELK, datadog, Prometheus, or Grafana.
Extensive hands-on experience in agile project management, preferably based on Atlassian tools (Jira and Confluence).
Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience in computer science or a similar area.




The followings are nice to have but not required:

General understanding of computer vision and image processing algorithms
General understanding of the machine learning training, validation, and test process.
Experience with the MLOps.
Experience with SRE.
Show more 
Seniority level
Mid-Senior level
Employment type
Full-time
Job function
Engineering and Information Technology
Industries
IT Services and IT Consulting, Medical Equipment Manufacturing, and Software Development
  

