
Lead Site Reliability Engineer - ANZPlus
ANZ  Melbourne, Victoria, Australia
5 days ago   Be among the first 25 applicants
  
See who ANZ has hired for this role
Apply
Save
About The Role




At ANZ our purpose is to shape a world where people and communities thrive. We’re making this




happen by improving our customers’ financial wellbeing so they can achieve incredible things –




be it buying their home, building a business or saving for things big or small.




What will your day look like




As a Site Reliability Engineer Manager within the ANZx SRE squad, you will be instrumental in




driving execution and development of the SRE function across one of core technology domains.




You will apply SRE principles to ensure that we build, monitor, and measure what is important.




You will be responsible for guiding day to day execution, prioritisation, and operation of the SRE




team.




You will support and grow your team members and help them be better reliability engineers.




You will work collaboratively with other SRE leaders and teams across ANZx to continually drive




down the cost of operations, increase efficiency, and build a safe environment for growth and




delivery.




You will need to be comfortable guiding a team through complex and ambiguous challenges.




We will turn to you for suggestions on how to improve our platforms, processes and tools. We




expect that you already have great ideas you can share at our cloud guilds & user groups, along




with industry Meetups.




 




What will you bring?




We are looking for an engineer that already possess some of the following skills:




An experience and passion for leading teams and people. You value quality execution




and safe delivery.




Comfortable coding in one or more languages (Go, Java, Python, or other scripting




languages), and comfortably guiding other engineers on implementation.




Experience with common Infrastructure as Code tools. For example, Terraform or




CloudFomation.




Experience with one or more Continuous Intergration / Deployment tools. For example,




GitHub Actions, Jenkins, or BuildKite.




Experience in cloud computing across one or more major public cloud providers. For




example, GCP, AWS, or Azure.




Proficient with Kubernetes, or equivalent container orchestration tooling.




Experience working with engineers, operations, and architecture groups developing




scalable and supportable solutions.




Experience with common monitoring and observability tooling. For example, Honeycomb,




Splunk, Dynatrace, etc.




The language and tools used are not as important as your development skills and learning




aptitude. We want leaders who are motivated to bring their own technology experience, skills,




and passion for growth to their everyday




So, why join us?




We’re reinventing the way we do banking, and our community of collaborative, innovative




thinkers who create human centred solutions are helping us get there. We’re responding faster to




changing customer requirements, focusing on the things that matter and helping people achieve




incredible things – be it buying their home, building a business or saving for things big or small.




We support our people by providing a range of flexible working options so they can work in the




way that best suits them. We encourage you to talk to us about your need for flexibility and any




adjustments you may require to our recruitment process or the role itself.




Develop your career, work in a diverse and inclusive workplace where the different backgrounds,




perspectives and life experiences of our people are celebrated and create a great place to grow,




thrive and belong.




Interested in joining us? Click Apply now, or visit www.anz.com/careers to find out more or view




other opportunities.




Show more 
Seniority level
Not Applicable
Employment type
Full-time
Job function
Engineering and Information Technology
Industries
Banking, Financial Services, and Accounting
  

