
Principal DevOps Engineer
Nearmap  Barangaroo, New South Wales, Australia
4 days ago   Be among the first 25 applicants
  
See who Nearmap has hired for this role
Apply
Save

Our DevOps stack: Kubernetes, IAC, GitLab, Linux, Containerisation



What we're looking for:



Experience working in a DevOps role as a senior, principal or technical lead.
Technical leadership experience with the ability to drive the technical direction and prioritisation of our core DevOps team.
Experience with software build tools and automation tools.
Experience working and supporting infrastructure in a highly available environment, and working within large-scale cloud environments.
Experience with modern SRE practices in a cloud-native environment.
Experience working with cross-functional teams, with the ability to communicate with technical and non-technical stakeholders effectively.
Passion for internal tooling, CICD and compliance.
Team-centric leadership and willingness to help others succeed.


Qualifications



Tertiary qualifications in Computer Science, Engineering, or Information Technology (or equivalent).





Additional Information



Some of our benefits



Nearmap takes a holistic approach to our employees’ emotional, physical and financial wellness. Some of our current benefits include:



Quarterly wellbeing day off - Four additional days off annually for your 'YOU' Days
Access to LinkedIn Learning
Wellbeing and technology allowance
Annual flu vaccinations
Hybridflexibility for this role
Nearmap subscription (of course!)
Stocked kitchen with access to all the snacks you need
In-office lunch every Wednesday at our Sydney CBD office
Showers available for anyone cycling to work or lunchtime gym-goers!

Working at Nearmap

We move fast and work smart; often wearing multiple hats. We adapted to remote working with ease and are continually looking at ways to improve. We’re proud of our inclusive, supportive culture, and maintain a safe environment where everyone feels a sense of belonging and can be themselves.



If you can see yourself working at Nearmap and feel you have the right level of experience, we invite you to get in touch.



Watch our culture video below to find out more about what a day in the life at Nearmap looks like.



Thanks, but we got this! Nearmap does not accept unsolicited resumes from recruitment agencies and search firms. Please do not email or send unsolicited resumes to any Nearmap employee, location or address. Nearmap is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.



Show more 
Seniority level
Mid-Senior level
Employment type
Full-time
Job function
Information Technology
Industries
IT Services and IT Consulting
  

