
DevOps Engineer - Java
Macquarie Group Limited
3.2
•
159 reviews
Sydney NSW
Engineering - Software (Information & Communication Technology)
Full time
Posted 26 May 2023
More jobs from this company
Apply for DevOps Engineer - Java at Macquarie Group Limited
Apply
Save DevOps Engineer - Java at Macquarie Group Limited
Save
Share

Bring your top engineering experience and discipline to this role, and in return we will help you grow into a domain specialist, working on exciting technologies and challenging engineering problems.  Already working in cybersecurity or IAM?  Even better, you will fit right in! Become part of our growing team of passionate and collaborative professionals who are ready to make a difference.

As a DevOps Engineer, you will join the wider Corporate Operations Group and be part of the Identity and Cyber Security - Identity Access Management team, where you will build and maintain Macquarie’s Identity platforms using industry best practices. This will include building and maintaining high quality monitoring and alerting tools and automating delivery processes.

To be successful in this role you are or will need to have:

experience in working with a team of engineers, working in an Agile and DevOps environment
strong programming and problem-solving skills with at least one general purpose programming language, Java preferred
experience in handling production issues and change management
experience working in cloud computing environments (AWS preferred) at scale
experience with DevOps technologies AWS (CLI, EC2, S3, RDS), Cloud Formation, Terraform and containerization (Docker, Kubernetes)
experience with system monitoring and logging tools (e.g., AppDynamics, Splunk, CloudWatch)
experience with continuous integration and deployment tools, in particular using Atlassian products Bitbucket/Bamboo/Jira etc.
experience with Git, Bitbucket and other version control systems
experience in using Unix and Windows consoles (e.g., Bash and PowerShell)
strong sense of ownership, self-motivated and able to self-manage work
strong troubleshooting skills and creative problem-solving ability.

It Would Be a Great Advantage If You Also Have:

AWS Certification preferred (Developer, Solution Architect or DevOps)
experience in SailPoint, or similar Access Management tool desirable.

To join this dynamic and highly innovative team, apply now or contact nicky.bell@macquarie.com for more information.

Our team focuses on Identity Access Management (IAM), one of the key pillars of cybersecurity and an important service that delivers value to our entire organisation on a global scale.

About the Corporate Operations Group

The Corporate Operations Group brings together specialist support services in Digital Transformation & Data, Technology, Operations, Human Resources, Business Services, Corporate Strategy & Solutions, and the Macquarie Group Foundation. We deliver service excellence to ensure Macquarie is open for business, deliver on transformational change, invest in our people and have deep relationships with our customers.

Our commitment to Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 

The diversity of our people is one of our greatest strengths. An inclusive and equitable environment enables us to deliver innovative and sustainable outcomes for our people, clients, shareholders and communities. From day one, you'll be encouraged to be yourself and supported to perform at your best. If our purpose of ‘empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future’ is as inspiring to you as it is to us, please apply. With the right technology, support and resources, our people can work in a range of flexible ways.

We are committed to providing a working environment that embraces and values diversity, equity and inclusion. We encourage candidates to speak with a member of our recruitment team if you require adjustments to our recruitment process to support you, and the type of working arrangements that would help you thrive.

Report this job advert
Be careful
Don’t provide your bank or credit card details when applying for jobs.
Learn how to protect yourself
Report this job ad 
Upskill in amazon web services to better prepare for this job

AWS Cloud Architect

Upskilled

7 months part-time

Online

Start Anytime

