
Platform Reliability Engineer - SRE - Mid/Senior - AWS / LAMP
Talent Realised
Sydney NSW
Networks & Systems Administration (Information & Communication Technology)
Full time
Up to 135k base + 15% super + benefits
Posted 10d ago
More jobs from this company
Apply for Platform Reliability Engineer - SRE - Mid/Senior - AWS / LAMP at Talent Realised
Quick apply
Save Platform Reliability Engineer - SRE - Mid/Senior - AWS / LAMP at Talent Realised
Save
Share
This media company is looking for Mid to Senior level Platform Reliability Engineers with a Platform, SRE or DevOps background.

As part of the platform team, you will develop and maintain the audience facing digital products across mobile, connected TV, desktop, and smart speakers. Your work will be appreciated by millions of audiences across Australia.

Platform Reliability Engineer (SRE)
FTC - Up to $135k base + super (15%)
Remote friendly with preference for East Coast Australia

You will be involved in designing, implementing and automating delivery systems for digital services on web, mobile and streaming media.
You will provide a high level of availability and reliability to users and collaborate with software development & DevOps teams to design and implement scalable, fault-tolerant systems.
You will also improve system reliability and quality through monitoring, reporting and fault
resolution.
Skills, knowledge & experience needed;

Highly developed problem-solving skills
Experience using Amazon Web Services (AWS) products and supporting Linux and “LAMP” based systems is highly desirable.
Experience supporting and managing products delivered by CDN services such as Akamai for the delivery of streaming media
Experience with common DevOps tools such as Datadog, Puppet, New Relic, JIRA, Confluence, Bamboo, Maven or Jenkins is highly desirable.
Self-advocating mentality of always looking to build new processes and tools within the wider organisation.
Complete understanding of “SRE”, “Reliability Engineering” & “availability” meanings
Knowledge and experience of SLA, SLO, SLI & MTTR
Does this sound like the kind of role you've been looking for? Register your interest by applying or contacting me direct on josh@talentrealised.com.au or 0423461061
Report this job advert
Be careful
Don’t provide your bank or credit card details when applying for jobs.
Learn how to protect yourself
Report this job ad 
Thinking about a career as a Reliability Engineer?
Insights on salary & in-demand skills
Reviews from people working in the industry
Explore career
