
System Engineer
Amadeus  Sydney, New South Wales, Australia
2 days ago   Be among the first 25 applicants
  
See who Amadeus has hired for this role
Apply
Save

Direct message the job poster from Amadeus

Renuka Sankaran
Talent Acquisition Specialist at Amadeus

Purpose of the Role




As part of Test & Platform Services (TPS) department, the Test Systems Engineer provides functional and technical support for all test systems: Customer Facing Test Systems (CFTS), training system (SKL) and Internal Test Systems (ITS).




Handles incidents and problems, but also configuration change requests on all Test Systems.
Demonstrates good transversal technical & functional knowledge, he/she will have to learn and understand about most of Amadeus application functionalities and their architecture/ dependencies to perform investigations on any type of functional issue.
His/her main goal is to offer the best possible customer experience on Amadeus Systems with the help of various techniques such as proactive monitoring, problem management, continuous improvement etc.
Needs good troubleshooting and investigation capabilities. Technical understanding is also a must have to properly drive recovery efforts and actions. Capable of coordinating parallel investigations with various experts (DEV, PDA, SRE, BU, etc.), and eventually running direct recovery actions.




Main responsibilities




Provide functional support and perform the first level of investigation for customer functional staff. Acknowledge, investigate and when possible, recover incidents within service-level agreements.
Handle external customer’s questions concerning Amadeus Products and Solutions
Proactive Incident Management: Monitoring functional services and products to detect an issue, raise alert, and ensure quick service recovery, in synchronization with operational services, so that we meet our SLAs/OLAs
Monitor response time metrics of main functional services and products to detect performance degradation, raise alert and ensure service recovery, by being in contact with the various subject matter experts (DEV, PDA, SRE, etc.)
Identify issues, source the necessary information to perform analysis, assess impact and criticality and draw reasonable conclusions
Summarize and provide regular status with accurate information during Incident management process
Follow-up issues spotted through internal functional monitoring, and trigger actions to ensure usability and stability of the products
Problem Management: analyze or coordinate analysis of the root-cause of major issues, liaising with development teams if needed. Ensure long term resolution in order to avoid the same issue from reoccurring again
Responsible for the monitoring of the software quality KPIs (functional usability, but also operational criteria and response time)
Identify and measure key performance indicators to evaluate system stability and process compliance, of various applications
Design and develop automated functional test case scripts
Ensure proper application monitoring to guarantee the service level agreements on the test systems, in the transition from the legacy infrastructure to the Cloud




Requirements

Previous experience as an Automation QA Engineer, Test System Engineer, and/or 1st level Support position
Experience in Technical/ Functional support roles with Customer-facing and Scripting experience
Computing Scripting experience, preferably in Python along with Webservices, SoapUI, Edifact, Unix, Linux, Java
Bachelor's Degree or Master's degree in Computer Science or related field, or equivalent work experience
Must be a motivated self-starter and self-learner, possess strong customer service and technical problem-solving skills; and be someone who embraces challenges.
Good written and verbal communication skills.
Must have a team-oriented approach
Previous ITIL experience required
Automation skills required
Must have an automation mindset and to understand the language to recommend changes and implementation to create new scripts.
Project management skills preferred
Previous experience in an enterprise environment is required.
Previous experience in problem management and change management is required.
Must have knowledge and experience on how to do a test plan
Experience in Amadeus and/or Travel industry domain is a “nice to have”
Show more 
Seniority level
Associate
Employment type
Full-time
Job function
Information Technology and Engineering
Industries
Software Development, Technology, Information and Internet, and Airlines and Aviation
  

