
DevOps Engineer
LEAP Dev  Sydney, New South Wales, Australia
2 weeks ago  96 applicants
  
See who LEAP Dev has hired for this role
Apply
Save

Direct message the job poster from LEAP Dev

Carie Spartalis
Recruitment Coordinator at LEAP Dev

LEAP Dev is the “Software House” powering the market leading LEAP Legal Software. Founded 30 years ago, we have been helping small to medium sized law firms to be more productive and reduce their non-billable time so they can concentrate on what is important, their clients! We commit more than $20 million a year to research and development and our cloud-based products make it easy for our clients to operate anytime, from anywhere!




We are looking for a SRE / Cloud / DevOps Engineer with 1 to 2 years AWS experience that is looking to grow into a more hands on project-based role. You will be working on projects across our AWS infrastructure that improve our architecture, processes and internal tooling with a focus on automation / security.




The DevOps team consists of more than a dozen people, and work collaboratively to support all the LEAP businesses. Over our decade long journey on AWS, we have grown our workload from a handful of EC2 instances to a more automated platform supporting hundreds of workloads across multiple products, accounts and regions.




You will be joining a well-established and highly experienced team with a dedication to supporting each other to achieve great results. We enjoy an excellent relationship with AWS Enterprise Support and have direct access to Technical Managers, Solutions Architects and Subject Matter Experts to make sure we are delivering the highest standard of infrastructure.




Why join LEAP Dev?




We build and develop a market leading, “Legal Tech” product, with offices in Australia, New Zealand, United States, Canada, United Kingdom and the Republic of Ireland.
We are committed to innovation and global expansion of our products and are constantly utilising new technologies to better our client experience.
We are committed to providing a hybrid work environment so our employees can enjoy a mixture of WFH as well as time collaborating in the office.
We encourage our employees to have a voice and to collaborate with each other to work on technical solutions, of course we have company visions and goals, but we want you to help us achieve these!
We will invest our time and money in you to help develop your career. Open discussions and reviews will help us understand your career aspirations, maybe it’s a new AWS certification you are after or an internal move to a new area, we will support you and your goals.
As a LEAP Dev employee, you will receive a competitive salary that is reviewed regularly, paid learning and development opportunities, access to an employee share plan that has been highly profitable, free platinum gym membership, great parental leave policy, social events and MUCH MORE!




What will you be working on as a DevOps Engineer?




Designing, maintaining, and improving our large enterprise AWS environment and workloads.
Working within a team that is focused on implementing best practice’s as per the AWS Well-Architected Security Pillar.
Reviewing the current implementation of existing AWS services for gaps and working on improvements in line with AWS best practices.
Creating automated solutions and taking a proactive approach to security.
Working on integrations between external tools and our AWS environment.
Reviewing existing user and application permissions and implementing least privilege.
Creating technical documentation for DevOps processes.
Monitoring and on call for critical service outages (approximately one week in 10)




What experience do you need to become a DevOps at LEAP Dev?




1-2 years working experience with AWS Services in a production environment such as: (S3, VPC, IAM Roles & Policies, CloudFormation, CloudFront, EC2, ECS, ALB, ASG, Lambda, API Gateway, CodePipeline)
Coding experience in any primary programming language (we use Python). You will be able to query data and automate tasks across AWS services and third-party API’s.
Interest to continuously learn new technologies / AWS services as required with a focus on automation and security.
Strong technical problem-solving skills.
Attention to detail and a focus on delivering quality.
Understanding of VPC and networking concepts within AWS.
Experience with Infrastructure as Code (CloudFormation or Terraform).
Experience with CI/CD: AWS CodePipeline, TeamCity, Jenkins, Puppet (atleast one)
Strong communication skills both written and verbal.
Associate or higher AWS Certifications desirable (Dev, SA, SysOps)




We are in this together.




At LEAP Dev, we promote equal opportunity. Creating a culture of diversity and inclusion not only promotes innovation but we believe is the right way to do business. Our LEAPsters bring different cultures, genders and perspectives to their days and we wouldn't have it any other way.




We welcome and encourage you to apply, no matter who you are or how you identify.




If you have the relevant experience (or close to it!) and like the sound of the role and LEAP Dev, we would love to see your application and continue your journey to join us!

Show more 
Seniority level
Entry level
Employment type
Full-time
Job function
Information Technology
Industries
Software Development
  

