
Site Reliability Engineer
Tribus Technology  Sydney, New South Wales, Australia
6 days ago  38 applicants
  
See who Tribus Technology has hired for this role
Apply
Save

Direct message the job poster from Tribus Technology

Greg Moore
Founder | Tribus Technology | Helping organisations hire in Software Engineering & Data

If you're looking to be part of an SRE team that thrives on project-based initiatives, then this opportunity is for you.




Our client has cultivated a remarkable engineering culture over time, striking the perfect balance that has resulted in exceptional employee retention rates.




Here's what you can expect:

Outcome-oriented environment: They tackle project-based initiatives with a well-defined roadmap for the next 2 years, focusing on ensuring the reliability and performance of their systems.
Hybrid work model: Enjoy the flexibility of remote work for most of the week, while having 1-2 office days dedicated to collaboration sessions.
Equal opportunity: Regardless of your level of experience, they empower all team members to contribute and provide them with the best tools to succeed in maintaining a robust infrastructure.
Emphasis on research and development: As a tech-focused company, they continuously innovate and improve their systems to stay ahead in today's competitive market.
Supportive leadership: The leadership team encourages open communication, welcomes concerns, and values constructive feedback.




The tech stack is ever-changing but it currently includes;

Jenkins | Terraform | Ansible | Kubernetes | ArgoCD | Prometheus | Grafana | ELK | Node.JS | React | .Net | Kafka




As an SRE, you'll join a team of 4 highly skilled engineers dedicated to ensuring the reliability and scalability of the systems for their global customer base.




To succeed in this role you will need to be comfortable with at least 3 of the following;

Jenkins or GitLab
Terraform
Ansible
Kubernetes
Grafana
Prometheus




Currently, they’re building on-prem but are about to start their cloud journey with AWS.

They value your attitude and passion for growth over specific technology expertise. If you’re eager to learn and develop your skills, they will provide you with the tools and support to succeed.




Please apply or email me directly for more information; greg.moore@tribustechnology.com




If you don’t quite fit the requirements but are interested in having a conversation with one of our senior consultants please send your resume to careers@tribustechnology.com

Show more 
Seniority level
Mid-Senior level
Employment type
Full-time
Job function
Engineering and Information Technology
Industries
Staffing and Recruiting
  

