
Senior Site Reliability Engineer
Axon ANZ  Australia
1 week ago   Be among the first 25 applicants
  
See who Axon ANZ has hired for this role
Apply
Save

JOIN AXON AND BE A FORCE FOR GOOD.

At Axon, we’re on a mission to Protect Life. We’re explorers, pursuing society’s most critical safety and justice issues with our ecosystem of devices and cloud software. Like our products, we work better together. We connect with candor and care, seeking out diverse perspectives from our customers, communities and each other.




Life at Axon is fast-paced, challenging and meaningful. Here, you’ll take ownership and drive real change. Constantly grow as you work hard for a mission that matters at a company where you matter.




Your Impact

As a contributor in the SRE organization, you are passionate about delivering solutions to the real-time problems our mission-critical cloud native services encounter. You are also obsessed about achieving the high quality and reliability our customers demand. You will work closely not only with the SRE division, but your technical deliverables will reach the entire engineering organization to enable product teams to continuously deliver features on the vanguard of innovation.




What You’ll Do

Location: Remote anywhere in Australia




Build robust, easy-to-use foundational platforms and tools that enable engineering teams to provision services rapidly, consistently, and securely.
Exemplify cloud-native site reliability best practices.
Write code that is performant, maintainable, clear, and concise.
Employ strong problem-solving skills, with the ability to debug problems in cloud native distributed systems.
Influence and educate the engineering organization to adopt new and improved architectural patterns.
Provide robust documentation for use by engineers to promote self-service
Take calculated risks, champion new ideas, and cultivate your craft.




What You Bring

5+ years of applicable experience
Australian government security clearance, or ability to obtain clearance (AUS citizenship) required
Strong Operating Systems Skills, preferably Linux
Experience managing cloud platforms such as Azure, AWS, or similar.
Experience operating in Kubernetes platforms like AKS, EKS, or similar.
Experience using managed languages such as Python, Go, C#, Java, or similar.
Experience utilizing CI/CD platforms to automate provisioning infrastructure, software builds, tests, and releases.
Experience using observability tools such as APM, logging, and metrics to assist with debugging issues.
Experience designing tooling to simplify the operational management of SaaS/PaaS systems.
Familiarity with building flexible and testable Infrastructure as Code modules.
Empathy to support the needs of software engineers.




 Benefits that Benefit You

Competitive Salary
Annual Bonus and Restricted Stock Unit Eligibility
Monthly Stipend for Medical Insurance
Emotional & Mental Wellness Support
Learning & Development Programs

*Benefits listed herein may vary depending on the nature of your employment and the location where you work.

Show more 
Employment type
Full-time
  

