
Foreign Exchange – Application Support Senior Analyst (Hybrid)
Citi
3.5
•
85 reviews
Sydney NSW
Help Desk & IT Support (Information & Communication Technology)
Full time
Posted 24d ago
More jobs from this company
Apply for Foreign Exchange – Application Support Senior Analyst (Hybrid) at Citi
Apply
Save Foreign Exchange – Application Support Senior Analyst (Hybrid) at Citi
Save
Share

The Apps Support Sr Analyst is a seasoned professional role. Applies in-depth disciplinary knowledge, contributing to the development of new techniques and the improvement of processes and work-flow for the area or function. Integrates subject matter and industry expertise within a defined area. Requires in-depth understanding of how areas collectively integrate within the sub-function as well as coordinate and contribute to the objectives of the function and overall business. Evaluates moderately complex and variable issues with substantial potential impact, where development of an approach/taking of an action involves weighing various alternatives and balancing potentially conflicting situations using multiple sources of information. Requires good analytical skills in order to filter, prioritize and validate potentially complex and dynamic material from multiple sources. Strong communication and diplomacy skills are required. Regularly assumes informal/formal leadership role within teams. Involved in coaching and training of new recruits. Significant impact in terms of project size, geography, etc. by influencing decisions through advice, counsel and/or facilitating services to others in area of specialization. Work and performance of all teams in the area are directly affected by the performance of the individual.

Responsibilities:

Provide business support for mission critical trading system used by trading desks ,Sales , Clients and Operations.
Support all aspects of FX trade life cycle flows including position matching, pricing, client connectivity, trade executions, settlements, back office and regulatory reporting flows.
Start of day checks, continuous monitoring of application and underlying infrastructure and regional handover at end of day.
The Application Support Senior Analyst provides technical and business support for users of Citi Applications. This includes providing quick resolutions to app issues, driving stability, efficiency and effectiveness improvements to help us and the business succeed.
Maintains application systems that have completed the development stage and are running in the daily operations of the firm.
Manages, maintains and supports applications and their operating environments, focusing on stability, quality and functionality against service level expectations.
Start of day checks, continuous monitoring, and regional handover.
Perform same day risk reconciliations
Develop and maintain technical support documentation.
Identifies ways to maximize the potential of the applications used
Assess risk and impact of production issues and escalate to business and technology management in a timely manner.
Ensures that storage and archiving procedures are in place and functioning correctly
Formulates and defines scope and objectives for complex application enhancements and problem resolution
Reviews and develops application contingency planning to ensure availability to users.
Partners with appropriate development and production support areas to prioritize bug fixes and support tooling requirements.
Participate in application releases, from development, testing and deployment into production.
Engages in post implementation analysis to ensure successful system design and functionality.
Considers implications of the application of technology to the current environment. Identifies risks, vulnerabilities and security issues; communicates impact.
Ensures essential procedures are followed and helps to define operating standards and processes.
Act as a liaison between users/traders, interfacing internal technology groups and vendors.
Expected to be able to raise problems to appropriate technology and business teams, while adhering to Service Level Agreements.
Acts as advisor or coach to new or lower level analysts.
Provides evaluative judgment based on analysis of factual information in complicated and unique situations.
Directly impacts the business by ensuring the quality of work provided by self and others; impacts own team and closely related work teams.
Exhibits sound and comprehensive communication and diplomacy skills to exchange complex information.
Active involvement in and ownership of Support Project items, covering Stability, Efficiency, and Effectiveness initiatives.
Performs other duties and functions as assigned.
Has the ability to operate with a limited level of direct supervision.
Can exercise independence of judgement and autonomy.
Acts as SME to senior stakeholders and /or other team members.
Appropriately assess risk when business decisions are made, demonstrating particular consideration for the firm's reputation and safeguarding Citigroup, its clients and assets, by driving compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations, adhering to Policy, applying sound ethical judgment regarding personal behavior, conduct and business practices, and escalating, managing and reporting control issues with transparency.

Qualifications:

5-8 years experience in an Application Support role.
Experience installing, configuring or supporting business applications.
Experience with some programming languages and willingness/ability to learn.
Advanced execution capabilities and ability to adjust quickly to changes and re-prioritization
Effective written and verbal communications including ability to explain technical issues in simple terms that non-IT staff can understand.
Demonstrated analytical skills
Issue tracking and reporting using tools
Knowledge/ experience of problem Management Tools.
Good all-round technical skills
Effectively share information with other support team members and with other technology teams
Ability to plan and organize workload
Consistently demonstrates clear and concise written and verbal communication skills
Ability to communicate appropriately to relevant stakeholders
Bachelor’s/University degree or equivalent experience

#FXAPSupport

Our Production Management team provides critical business and technical support to the Institutional Client Group (ICG); working collaboratively to ensure that our platforms and services operate for our clients, whenever they need them. We act as highly skilled and valued partners to our businesses.

Working as part of our Production Management team, you will help deliver a world class client service and experience, by applying engineering, innovation, learning and risk management across our systems and user environments. We interact with a diverse range of people each day, collaborating to solve problems as well as to anticipate and remove them before they occur. At Citi we look to raise the bar of operational excellence by using Site Reliability Engineering (SRE) principles to implement continuous improvement across key areas like latency, availability, performance, and capacity. We welcome candidates with SRE mindsets and experience who are keen to promote the adoption of SRE culture at Citi.

Citi’s distinct global network of people, data and relationships creates a mindset that allows us to identify opportunities, manage risks and connect dots for our clients in ways that others cannot. Our people really do make all the difference in our success. We’re a forward-thinking team. We’re looking for ambitious, capable professionals who thrive on collaboration and want to improve how things are done. In return, we offer rewarding work in a supportive environment, clear opportunities for progression and exciting company benefits.

-------------------------------------------------

Job Family Group:

Technology

-------------------------------------------------

Job Family:

Applications Support

------------------------------------------------------

Time Type:

Full time

------------------------------------------------------

Citi is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or status as a protected veteran.

Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries ("Citi”) invite all qualified interested applicants to apply for career opportunities. If you are a person with a disability and need a reasonable accommodation to use our search tools and/or apply for a career opportunity review Accessibility at Citi.

View the "EEO is the Law" poster. View the EEO is the Law Supplement.

View the EEO Policy Statement.

View the Pay Transparency Posting

Report this job advert
Be careful
Don’t provide your bank or credit card details when applying for jobs.
Learn how to protect yourself
Report this job ad 
Upskill in business applications to better prepare for this job

Business Analytics

Rmit Online

12 weeks full-time

Online

Start March

