Senior SysOps Site Reliability Engineer-AUS
Cayuse
Melbourne VIC
Remote
You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply
Apply on company site

The exciting world of scientific research is fueled by people with a passion for solving complex problems. At Cayuse, we are committed to our customers' success by empowering organizations to conduct globally connected research that advances their impact on science, discovery and society. We build on that commitment with proven, integrated and easy-to-use technology that delivers exceptional value, and world class service and support that accelerates outcomes.

But we are more than just an empowering platform powered by advanced technologies. We are a collaboration of exceptional, highly skilled people with multi-disciplinary expertise, and are building our team to support our ambitious growth plans. Cayuse's foundational strength comes from our customer and employee focused values and commitment to industry-leading solutions. It's an exciting time to become a key member of our growing team.

A Senior Site Reliability Engineer is responsible for ensuring smooth and efficient operation of our cloud environment. We are currently seeking an engineer with in-depth experience to join our Site Reliability Engineering team. This individual will utilize production metrics and performance to provide expert advice on the platform designs, standards, requirements implementation, and product releases. The ideal candidate for this role will have a deep understanding of practices around automation and SRE principles which includes programs to increase visibility into runtime performance as well as optimizing the systems to meet all our SLAs.




Your Responsibilities

Participate in the day-to-day responsibilities of SRE and Cloud support teams.
Maintain the cloud operating environments with a focus on quality and resilience aspects in release, system performance, platform availability, operational efficiency, and risk management.
Automate and operate our platforms and procedures to increase reliability, stability, and scalability as our usage grows and technology transforms.
Participate in incident response, disaster recovery, and production support testing and implementations.
Monitor service level objectives to recommend and implement adjustments to ensure the objectives are met.
Leading new projects and initiatives around site reliability, developing or finding net-new solutions, evaluating products, and leading discussions on technology topics
Execute software release processes to ensure reliable application deployments across global environments with minimal downtime.
Manage the patching and updating of the systems in a highly available manner providing secure and resilient systems.
Review existing processes and recommend changes or institute new processes as needed.
Work closely with our support and engineering teams to implement standard processes and consistent approaches to issue resolution.
Collaborate with Compliance & Security teams to implement and maintain controls defined in compliance programs.
Prepare and present reports of incidents and remediations.
Assess system data and error logs, along with user reports, to determine areas for improvement or repair.
Analyze and review implementations to ensure security best practices are implemented.
Coordination with security operations during high-risk events and incidents
Manage the processes for securing classified and sensitive information within the Hosted environments.
Mentoring those around you, showing thought-leadership and helping educate the team on best practices.
Provide operational KPI metrics and reports to senior management.
Improve service observability, incident response, and maintain operational excellence.
Build appropriate tooling, implement metrics and reports to help proactively detect issues and resolve them before impacting our customer experience.



Your Qualifications

3+ years' experience in a DevOps and/or Site Reliability Engineering position
3+ years working with public cloud technologies (AWS/GCP)
3+ years' experience developing automation tools and implementing Infrastructure as Code
3+ years of experience managing servers and IT infrastructure.
Knowledge of Information Security Fundamentals including HIPAA, SOC2, NIST, and ISO 27001 compliance
Understanding of distributed systems and their commonly associated problems
Quality first mindset with a strong background and experience with developing products for a global audience at scale.
Deep understanding of Site Reliability Engineering (SRE) philosophy, platforms and tools, SLA management, incident resolution, and automation
Proven strategic and tactical thinker, able and comfortable translating business strategy into architectures/plans and equally comfortable rolling-up-your sleeves to problem solve with your team.
Ability to multi-task and effectively manage multiple projects, competing priorities, and adeptly re-prioritize based on changing needs.



Benefits

25 days annual leave
Contribution to Medical Insurance
Fun, innovative, rapidly expanding company with Industrious Spirit



Cayuse does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias or any Cayuse employees. Cayuse is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.

Our culture is one of inclusion and belonging where everyone feels respected, treated justly, supported and nourished. We all share responsibility for creating and sustaining a work environment where differences are celebrated and we are empowered to strive for excellence. We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer and actively seek to recruit, develop, and retain a diverse and talented workforce.

