
Cloud Operations Engineer
Exabeam  Bangalore, New South Wales, Australia
5 days ago   Be among the first 25 applicants
  
See who Exabeam has hired for this role
Apply
Save
Exabeam is a global cybersecurity leader that created New-Scale SIEM™ for advancing security operations. We help organizations detect threats, defend against cyberattacks, and defeat adversaries. The powerful combination of our cloud-scale security log management, behavioral analytics, and automated investigation experience results in an unprecedented advantage over insider threats, nation states, and other cyber criminals. We understand normal behavior, even as normal keeps changing — giving security operations teams a holistic view of incidents for faster, more complete response.




Detect. Defend. Defeat.™ Learn how at www.exabeam.com.




Exabeam is looking to enhance the 24/7 - Production Support team. In this role, you will help improve the response to alerts, manage escalations, triage software/network problems, and be an integral part of the customer’s incident response protocol.




Responsibilities:




Monitor and troubleshoot our client’s SaaS platform from initial alerts to incident resolution
Analyze the impact of incidents and provide customer notifications when appropriate
Document RCA of incidents; working with other support and engineering teams, as necessary
Support customer upgrades to newer versions of the products.
You will work cross-functionally with members of the Customer Success , Cloud Operations & Engineering teams in day-to-day support, maintenance, and troubleshooting to ensure optimal performance of the SaaS platform
Automation to improve & reduce alerts and eliminate false positives
You should have a strong passion for Production Support/SRE and running highly resilient/automated systems
You have 3+ years of experience working in a Global Production Support teams and provide support Cloud systems for large production (customer facing) environments (500+ computing nodes)




Requirements:




Bachelor’s in Computer Science & Engineering or Equivalent
Minimum 3 years of experience working as a Production Support Engineer.
Experience with IT monitoring tools like DataDog / Grafana Cloud and alerting tools like Opsgenie
Experience with Docker, Kafka, Logstash, and Elasticsearch is highly valued as well.
Familiarity with Linux ( must ), cloud infrastructure and services, and networking.
Good programming skills - Ability to script in any shell/python/ansible
Experience with incident and alert management, and problem triage.
Familiarity interfacing at all levels of the company, from customers to support to engineers.
Excellent organization and communication skills.
Strong sense of urgency, ownership, and willingness to go above and beyond.




Nice to Have(s):




Experience in Cyber Security
ITIL Foundation Certification




Why Exabeam:




Medical Insurance starts from Day 1
50k Maternity Coverage
Generous PTO and Monthly Thank You Days
Hybrid-friendly environment
Culture Building Initiatives




Exabeam is privately funded by Blue Owl Capital, Lightspeed Venture Partners, Cisco Investments, Norwest Venture Partners, Acrew Capital, Icon Ventures, and investor Shlomo Kramer. For more information visit https://www.exabeam.com or follow us on LinkedIn and Twitter. Looking for more? Check our reviews on Glassdoor.




In connection with your application and communications with Exabeam, we will have access to some of your personal information. We have technical and organizational measures in place to ensure this information is protected. For more information about how we use and/or protect your personal information, including the categories of information collected, categories of use, and purpose of use, is available on our Privacy Policy at https://www.exabeam.com/legal/privacy-policy/.
Show more 
Seniority level
Entry level
Employment type
Full-time
Job function
Engineering and Information Technology
Industries
Software Development
  

