
Reliability Engineer
Microsoft
4.1
•
84 reviews
Sydney NSW
Engineering - Software (Information & Communication Technology)
Full time
Subsidised health insurance + stock discounts
Posted 9d ago
More jobs from this company
Apply for Reliability Engineer at Microsoft
Apply
Save Reliability Engineer at Microsoft
Save
Share

Overview

Are you interested in working for one of the most exciting products in Microsoft, passionate about exceeding customer expectations and advancing Microsoft's cloud first strategy? If so, then look no further than the Azure Customer Experience (CXP), Customer Reliability Engineering (CRE) Team!.

Azure CXP CRE is a top-level pillar of Azure Engineering that leads world-class customer reliability engagements, modern customer-first experiences for scale, and drives deep customer insights and empathy into the broader Azure Engineering organization. Our teams are listening to customers around the clock, driving improvements and capabilities into services, support programs, service incident experience, community engagements, and more. Our “no dead-end’s” philosophy ensures that every customer, regardless of size or scale, can realize their full potential through the Microsoft Cloud.

Azure CXP CRE is looking for a customer focused Reliability Engineer passionate about Customer reliability engineering (Availability, Reliability, Resiliency, site up) and supportability of the Azure platform at scale. This role will be accountable improving customer experience on Azure, for diagnosing and troubleshooting mission critical customer applications built on the Microsoft Azure platform.  The successful candidate will be able to demonstrate technical breadth while managing complex, highly available services with a deep understanding of the underlying components (Azure Platform, Azure SDK, Azure Portal), and work directly with Customers, Customer Support, Livesite Teams, and Engineering.

To be successful in this role, you must have a great track record of customer compassion, an engineering mindset, an innate aptitude for agility, and technical excellence in site reliability engineering.

Qualifications

Must have Service Engineering experience in 24 x 7 x 365 enterprise environments.
Desired Technical expertise on Azure services and capabilities and/or cloud platforms, understand.
Fluency in one or more automation languages (PowerShell, CLI etc.).
Communication skills that allow you to take lead and control the communication with customers, internal Microsoft stake holders and third-party vendors.
Understand High Availability, Disaster Recovery, Business Continuity, Performance Tuning
Demonstrates strategic thinking, quantitative and analytical skills, team leadership, and collaboration.
Excellent problem resolution, judgment, negotiating and decision-making skills.
Desired Strong knowledge of Windows Platform or Linux, developer tools and ability to diagnose and debug user code.
Effectively manage and prioritize multiple tasks in accordance with high level objectives/projects.
Excellent written and oral communication skills required; Ability to communicate to a variety of audiences; including high-profile customers, executive management, and engineering teams.
Desired BS/BA in Computer Science, Engineering, Math or equivalent experience.

Security Screening

Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings:

Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter

#AzCXP

Responsibilities

Participate in on call coverage rotation (approx. 15% of time) for platform communications and security.
Collaborate closely with Engineering/PM to drive product improvements based on customer signals.
Improve Customer experience by analysing signals from various sources, driving RCA's, Problem Management initiatives and Service improvements involving bug fixes.
Drive continuous improvement in the Azure platform incorporating feedback from internal/external customers
Identify and drive requirements for increased customer resiliency and platform reliability.
Identify and drive implementation of customer centric mitigation levers and playbooks for Operations.
Participate in the design of V. Next architecture for Cloud infrastructure services, focusing on strategic customer scenarios.
Enthusiastic, self-motivated, and a great teammate.
Excellent collaboration, organizational, time management skills.
Data driven with a focus on business results for projects undertaken.
Demonstrated ability to develop key partnerships
Report this job advert
Be careful
Don’t provide your bank or credit card details when applying for jobs.
Learn how to protect yourself
Report this job ad 
Thinking about a career as a Reliability Engineer?
Insights on salary & in-demand skills
Reviews from people working in the industry
Explore career
