
Site Reliability Engineer
Exabeam  Bangalore, New South Wales, Australia
1 month ago   Over 200 applicants
  
See who Exabeam has hired for this role
Apply
Save
Exabeam is a global cybersecurity leader that created New-Scale SIEM™ for advancing security operations. We help organizations detect threats, defend against cyberattacks, and defeat adversaries. The powerful combination of our cloud-scale security log management, behavioral analytics, and automated investigation experience results in an unprecedented advantage over insider threats, nation states, and other cyber criminals. We understand normal behavior, even as normal keeps changing — giving security operations teams a holistic view of incidents for faster, more complete response.




Detect. Defend. Defeat.™ Learn how at www.exabeam.com.




Exabeam is looking for Site Reliability Engineer to join our Cloud Engineering team to take on the critical responsibility to deploy, manage, and grow a cloud native next-generation, massively scalable security information platforms.




Exabeam is the leader in user and entity behavior analytics. We deliver a complete Security Intelligence Platform that enables customers to easily collect all of their security-relevant data, to accurately detect complex threats, and to effectively respond to security incidents. We have built the best threat detection solution in the market to detect in real time advanced attacks using Big Data, machine learning, and security expertise.




Responsibilities




You will be responsible for all infrastructure aspects of our new cloud native, microservice based security platform. The platform is fully multi-tenant, runs on Kubernetes, and uses the latest cloud native CNCF technologies (istio, envoy, nats, fluentd, jaeger, prometheus, etc.)
You will be part of an SRE team that will provide high quality SLA operating a global solution running in multiple regions
You will build tools and frameworks to help developers writing applications on the platform to be more efficient and to hide infrastructure details from them
You will create automation and utilities to simplify the operation and monitoring of the service. This service deals with big data and it’s being designed to handle many TB of machine generated data per day from a large number of customers
You will be involved in platform design discussion with all development teams to provide the infrastructure insight and manage the proper technology and business tradeoffs
You will closely work together with our global engineering teams and help shape the future of Cybersecurity.




Requirements




A strong passion for SRE/DevOps and running highly resilient/automated systems
Deep working experience on at least one public cloud (GCP/AWS) and open source software like Kubernetes, Prometheus, Istio, etc
Ideally strong experience with Kubernetes and related CNCF technologies and frameworks
Experience deploying large scale distributed systems and performance, reliability, scalability issues that arise in such systems
Experience maintaining top level SLA when operating such complex systems
Ability to work productively with the rest of the development team
A desire to solve challenging problems
Bachelor’s Degree in computer science or equivalent experience




Why Exabeam:




Medical Insurance starts from Day 1
50k Maternity Coverage
Generous PTO and Monthly Thank You Days
Hybrid-friendly environment
Culture Building Initiatives




Exabeam is privately funded by Blue Owl Capital, Lightspeed Venture Partners, Cisco Investments, Norwest Venture Partners, Acrew Capital, Icon Ventures, and investor Shlomo Kramer. For more information visit https://www.exabeam.com or follow us on LinkedIn and Twitter. Looking for more? Check our reviews on Glassdoor.




In connection with your application and communications with Exabeam, we will have access to some of your personal information. We have technical and organizational measures in place to ensure this information is protected. For more information about how we use and/or protect your personal information, including the categories of information collected, categories of use, and purpose of use, is available on our Privacy Policy at https://www.exabeam.com/legal/privacy-policy/.
Show more 
Seniority level
Entry level
Employment type
Full-time
Job function
Engineering and Information Technology
Industries
Software Development
  

