Skip to main content
Find jobs
Company reviews
Search Salary
Upload your resume
Sign in
Employers / Post Job
Start of main content
What
Where
Find Jobs
Engineering Delivery Lead
AGL Energy
Melbourne VIC
Full-time
You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply
Apply on company site
Job details
No matching job preferences
Job Type
Full-time
Powering Australian Life.
At AGL, we believe energy makes life better. That’s why we’re passionate about powering the way Australians live, work and move.
Like you, we believe that the world is going through extraordinary challenges. We don’t shy away from the tough questions and we consider the answers carefully. We work in partnership with our customers and communities, and take action to shape a better future for all.
As life changes, we join the change, constantly evolving over 185 years. Today we bring all that know-how to transform how Australians produce, share and consume energy. We’re investing in new ideas, partnerships and infrastructure – renewing and expanding our portfolio of sources and products to help make them more sustainable, reliable, affordable and useful.
We’ll continue to innovate in energy and other essential services to enhance the way Australians live, and to help preserve the world around us for future generations.
About the role:
Are you ready to take on a dynamic leadership position? We have an exhilarating opening for a Delivery Lead role that combines people management with engineering expertise. As the driving force behind one or more persistent, cross-functional Agile delivery teams, you will spearhead the end-to-end delivery of all business outcomes related to our valuable assets. Join us in an extraordinary journey where you will shape the future of our organization.
What you'll be doing:
Forge a strong bond with our customers and business stakeholders, working closely with the Product Owner in your team(s)
Inspire your team by providing a clear vision of their purpose and objectives, ensuring alignment with our broader AGL strategy
Foster a positive and supportive culture by establishing team values and a charter that encourages collaboration
Lead and manage individuals within the delivery team, acting as their advisor, guide, mentor, and coach
Leverage your technical expertise to provide innovative thought leadership, shaping architecture, product design, and driving continuous improvement
Empower the delivery teams by removing obstacles and optimizing velocity through servant leadership
Develop and manage Tech Roadmaps, while ensuring the accountability and capability of your team's assets
Drive Continuous Integration, Continuous Delivery, and Cloud capabilities, reporting progress and championing a culture of innovation
Collaborate with the SRE team to enhance the reliability and operability of our mission-critical services
Establish efficient production support operating models and efficiently manage incidents related to your team's asset
About you:
We offer an exciting chance to step into an engineering leadership role, where you will lead the delivery and operation of our mission-critical services for the wholesale business. We seek a passionate and experienced engineer who can provide thought leadership in engineering principles and practices, specifically for our trading and portfolio systems. Joining our team means working with cutting-edge technologies like .NET, Azure, Terraform, and Azure DevOps. You will unleash your passion for finding engineering solutions using your hands-on technical skills. As a leader, you will serve as an advocate for the wholesale business, collaborating closely with stakeholders, and providing consultation and guidance. Additionally, you will mentor and train engineers of various skill and experience levels within our delivery teams. This role offers immense potential to make a lasting impact on our organization and its valued customers.
What you'll bring to the table:
Proven experience in a Technical Delivery role, showcasing your expertise over the years
Leadership prowess, with experience managing diverse delivery teams and embodying our values
Strong familiarity with agile development practices and a track record of cultivating high-performing teams in a fast-paced environment
Effective stakeholder relationship development skills, with the ability to pitch technology solutions to leadership stakeholders
A true passion for emerging technologies and their potential to drive strategic outcomes and solve complex business problems
Drive and influence to spearhead cultural change and promote innovation
Join our team and be part of a forward-thinking organization that values innovation and rewards initiative. Apply today to contribute your expertise and help shape our technology investment and value creation processes
We’d love to see your application, submitted by 7th July 2023.
Please note - unsolicited resumes from agencies will not be accepted by AGL.
#LI-CM1
Inclusion at AGL
At AGL, all employees are encouraged to be themselves and to bring their whole selves to work every day. We encourage applications from Aboriginal and/or Torres Strait Islander peoples, people living with disability, culturally and linguistically diverse people and people of the LGBTQ+ community, including transgender, gender diverse, and intersex people.
AGL has a commitment to maintain a diverse workforce, and welcomes the opportunity for applicants to share their lived experiences. We also recognise that some applicants may not wish to disclose, and we respect their decision. To learn more about reasonable adjustments that can be offered throughout the recruitment process, please visit:
http://www.agl.com.au/content/dam/digital/agl/documents/about-agl/who-we-are/our-commitments/230417-reasonable-adjustments-guidelines.pdf
AGL is a Circle Back Initiative employer - we commit to respond to every applicant.
Job Family Group:
Information Technology - Internet-Based
Report job
Hiring Lab
Career Advice
Browse Jobs
Browse Companies
Salaries
Indeed Events
Work at Indeed
Countries
About
Help Centre
ESG at Indeed
© 2023 Indeed
Accessibility at Indeed
Privacy Centre
Cookies
Privacy
Terms