Skip to main content
Find jobs
Company reviews
Search Salary
Upload your resume
Sign in
Employers / Post Job
Start of main content
What
Where
Find Jobs
Quality Engineer
Macquarie Group Limited
Melbourne VIC 3000
Remote
Full-time, Permanent
You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply
Apply on company site
Job details
No matching job preferences
Job Type
Full-time
Permanent

We’re seeking a talented Quality Engineer with a passion for engineering excellence and creating the best workplace for engineers. This is an opportunity to be in a critical role in the way we shape our engineering culture and practices to enable engineering to deliver world class products to our customers. This role is within our platform environments team.

As a skilled Quality Engineer interested in platform engineering focusing on building and managing engineering environments, you will be responsible for:

Improving software delivery through tools, practices and engineering culture.
Develop and implement strategies to enhance developer experience, focusing on reliability, velocity and quality.
Use data to drive metrics that improve developer experience and continuous improvement.
Collaborate with development teams to ensure that platform engineering practices are integrated into the development processes and aligned to organisational priorities.
Create and implement strategies to achieve quality aspirations
Develop strategies and implement practices that provide modern test environments.
Experience integrating Engineering processes, systems and tools to ensure support healthy dev, non-prod, and staging environments.
Knowledge and experience with applying best practices to environments including security and observability
Establishing capacity and performance testing and working proactively with engineering teams to implement.
Development and implement best practices around capacity, load, performance testing.
Developing and implementing strategies to automate provisioning, configuration and managing environments.
Increase effectiveness of engineering environments with the goal to achieve ‘push on green’ deployments.

Skills required:

Strong experience in software engineering, with focus on platform engineering
Excellent understanding of modern software development practices, tools and technologies.
Proven track record in automating test environments
A passion for getting things done, balancing short term and long term.
Experience with containerisation technologies (Docker & Kubernetes).
Experience creating and establishing environments based on cloud best practices.
Experience with quality engineering tools and practices
Experience with implementing capacity & performance automation and tools
Strong DevOps fundamentals with preference for Java, Golang, Microservices and other cloud technologies

What’s in it for you:

This is an opportunity to play a key role in shaping Engineering for Macquarie Bank.
Enjoy the satisfaction of making a difference and being part of a team that drives positive change in the bank and the industry.
Learn from the best engineers in Australia and work on market leading products, opportunity to work cross functionally with quality, sre, software and cloud engineers
Be part of a forward-thinking organisation that embraces new technologies and modern engineering practices
Make a tangible impact on engineering culture and experience, driving improvements in reliability, quality and velocity.
Be part of a team that deeply values diversity and creates space for you to be your best
Being hands-on with the latest cloud technologies including Google Cloud to tackle interesting banking and finance problems
Our work environment is modern and inclusive with a strong focus on employee experience
Flexible work options, including working from home
Ongoing professional development and free technical certification
Highly competitive remuneration and bonuses

If this role sounds like the right opportunity to further your career, please apply via the link!

About the Corporate Operations Group

The Corporate Operations Group brings together specialist support services in Digital Transformation & Data, Technology, Operations, Human Resources, Business Services, Corporate Strategy & Solutions, and the Macquarie Group Foundation. We deliver service excellence to ensure Macquarie is open for business, deliver on transformational change, invest in our people and have deep relationships with our customers.

Our commitment to Diversity, Equity and Inclusion

The diversity of our people is one of our greatest strengths. An inclusive and equitable environment enables us to deliver innovative and sustainable outcomes for our people, clients, shareholders and communities. From day one, you'll be encouraged to be yourself and supported to perform at your best. If our purpose of ‘empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future’ is as inspiring to you as it is to us, please apply. With the right technology, support and resources, our people can work in a range of flexible ways.

We are committed to providing a working environment that embraces and values diversity, equity and inclusion. We encourage candidates to speak with a member of our recruitment team if you require adjustments to our recruitment process to support you, and the type of working arrangements that would help you thrive.




About Macquarie

A career at Macquarie means you’ll have the opportunity to develop and utilise new skills, explore interesting fields and do challenging work that will impact the lives of people around the world—whether it’s accelerating the green energy transition, helping sustain global food supplies, financing social housing projects or investing in essential infrastructure. At Macquarie, we’re empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future.

Our size and international presence means your work can take you anywhere—across business groups, disciplines, sectors and borders. With 19,200+ employees and offices in 34 markets around the world, we’re a truly global organisation.

You’ll be supported by a diverse team where the unique perspectives, ideas and experiences that all of our people bring are valued. You’ll be empowered to address unmet needs in our communities whilst advising and investing alongside our clients and partners. Working with us, you’ll have the opportunity to make a difference.

Macquarie is a global financial group providing clients with asset management, retail and business banking, wealth management, leasing and asset financing, market access, commodity trading, renewables development, specialist advisory, capital raising and principal investment.




Job no: COG-972933
Work type: Permanent - Full time
Location: Melbourne, Sydney
Category: Senior, Technology
Group: Corporate Operations Group
Division: Technology
Recruiter: Mimi Huynh
Opening Date: 07/5/2023
Report job
Hiring Lab
Career Advice
Browse Jobs
Browse Companies
Salaries
Indeed Events
Work at Indeed
Countries
About
Help Centre
ESG at Indeed
© 2023 Indeed
Accessibility at Indeed
Privacy Centre
Cookies
Privacy
Terms