Skip to main content
Find jobs
Company reviews
Search Salary
Upload your resume
Sign in
Employers / Post Job
Start of main content
What
Where
Find Jobs
Service Delivery Manager - Managed Services - Cloud - Remote
Cevo
Sydney NSW
Remote
Full-time, Permanent
You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply
Apply on company site
Job details
No matching job preferences
Job Type
Full-time
Permanent
Work options: Hybrid


We offer a flexible, hybrid environment


Who are we?

We are Cevo - “continuous evolution”. Established in 2016, we are an Advanced AWS Consulting Partner with offices across Sydney, Melbourne and Canberra. In 2022, we more than doubled the size of our team and client base and we’re planning for similar levels of growth in 2023. We work with a diverse range of customers, from high-growth Australian startups and enterprise and government customers. We operate across a range of industries but have particular experience in financial services, retail, and independent software vendors (ISVs).

We are Cloud Enablement Experts providing solutions to our clients that leverage our capability across DevOps, Cloud Native Application Development, Data Engineering, Migration & Managed Services. Working in a flat organisation structure we encourage all our team members to be leaders in our business.. Your voice is heard and valued at Cevo.

We are a diverse team of people who share a common passion; we love using technology to help customers move faster with confidence! Evolution is our motivator; we want our people and our customers to be on a trajectory of continuous and positive change. We offer our consultants the opportunity to really make an impact on the projects they are working on, and we are not afraid to reward and recognise those achievements. .

About the Role

Due to continued growth, we have an exciting opportunity for an experienced Service Delivery Manager to join our Cevo Co-Ops Managed Services team. Our team is a modern managed services capability that supports AWS cloud-native products. We base our service around 4 key themes: quality, automation, reliability, and proactivity. Our flexible approach and deep technical expertise is our key differentiator in the market. You will have the opportunity to lead customer success on your accounts and contribute to building a brand-new Service Delivery Management capability with an emphasis on a modern approach. Your key responsibilities will include:

Creating meaningful, trust-based relationships with our customers
Always representing the voice of the customer - thinking from the customer's perspective to ensure our team is aligned with their needs.
Working with C-level stakeholders to build and run modern support solutions
Taking part in pre sales conversations with customers to tailor support solutions to meet customer needs
Contract management - developing new managed services SOW's for customers, as well as amending and renewing existing agreements.
Leading the transition into support for new customer relationships and new solutions for existing customers.
Project management of support projects
Facilitation of regular client meetings to discuss support requests, issues and processes
Providing regular governance reports to customers
Tracking SLA performance, team workload, priorities and progress
Evangelising, leading and taking part in Continual Service Improvement for our customers
Identifying and leading business development opportunities for your customers
Monitoring and looking for TOIL/waste that can be reduced
Conduct resourcing and resource forecasting to ensure we provide coverage for our customers

Who are you?

Our ideal person will have

ITIL Certification
A proven track record of delivery in customer facing Service Delivery Management roles
Demonstrated success in delivering outcomes for cloud customers
Excellent understanding of AWS Services
Experience with creating and renewing Managed Services contracts
Demonstrated effective communication with key client stakeholders
Experience developing, iterating and documenting ITIL processes
High-level understanding of DevOps and SRE concepts and why these concepts are important in a support context

Our Values

Our Values are intrinsic in everything we do

ONE TEAM - Everything we achieve we achieve as ONE TEAM
We're CURIOUS
RE-IMAGINE the possible
PEOPLE are the heart of Cevo
OWN IT & GET IT DONE

Benefits

Company perks including a technology allowance of $2,500
Strong learning and development of t culture - $2,000 per year to spend on professional courses + 2 paid days off to attend course and exams
The support of the Cevo hive, helping each other to succeed
We reward and recognize achievements
Exciting start-up vibe with enterprise-level projects and clients.
Report job
Hiring Lab
Career Advice
Browse Jobs
Browse Companies
Salaries
Indeed Events
Work at Indeed
Countries
About
Help Centre
ESG at Indeed
© 2023 Indeed
Accessibility at Indeed
Privacy Centre
Cookies
Privacy
Terms