Skip to main content
Find jobs
Company reviews
Search Salary
Upload your resume
Sign in
Employers / Post Job
Start of main content
What
Where
Find Jobs
Platform Reliability Engineer - SRE - Mid/Senior - AWS / LAMP
Talent Realised Pty Ltd
Remote
Up to $135,000 a year - Full-time
Apply now
Job details
No matching job preferences
Salary
Up to $135,000 a year
Job Type
Full-time
Multiple Platform / SRE roles with AWS / Lamp focus
Provide high level of availability & reliability to users SLO/SLI
Remote friendly role for East Coast Australia

This media company is looking for Mid to Senior level Platform Reliability Engineers with a Platform, SRE or DevOps background.

As part of the platform team, you will develop and maintain the audience facing digital products across mobile, connected TV, desktop, and smart speakers. Your work will be appreciated by millions of audiences across Australia.

Platform Reliability Engineer (SRE)
FTC - Up to $135k base + super (15%)
Remote friendly with preference for East Coast Australia

You will be involved in designing, implementing and automating delivery systems for digital services on web, mobile and streaming media.
You will provide a high level of availability and reliability to users and collaborate with software development & DevOps teams to design and implement scalable, fault-tolerant systems.
You will also improve system reliability and quality through monitoring, reporting and fault
resolution.
Skills, knowledge & experience needed;

Highly developed problem-solving skills
Experience using Amazon Web Services (AWS) products and supporting Linux and “LAMP” based systems is highly desirable.
Experience supporting and managing products delivered by CDN services such as Akamai for the delivery of streaming media
Experience with common DevOps tools such as Datadog, Puppet, New Relic, JIRA, Confluence, Bamboo, Maven or Jenkins is highly desirable.
Self-advocating mentality of always looking to build new processes and tools within the wider organisation.
Complete understanding of “SRE”, “Reliability Engineering” & “availability” meanings
Knowledge and experience of SLA, SLO, SLI & MTTR
Does this sound like the kind of role you've been looking for? Register your interest by applying or contacting me direct on josh@talentrealised.com.au or 0423461061
Report job
Hiring Lab
Career Advice
Browse Jobs
Browse Companies
Salaries
Indeed Events
Work at Indeed
Countries
About
Help Centre
ESG at Indeed
© 2023 Indeed
Accessibility at Indeed
Privacy Centre
Cookies
Privacy
Terms