Skip to main content
Find jobs
Company reviews
Search Salary
Upload your resume
Sign in
Employers / Post Job
Start of main content
What
Where
Find Jobs
Graduate Program Production Management analysts
Wiley Edge
Sydney NSW
Graduate
You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply
Apply on company site
Job details
No matching job preferences
Job Type
Graduate

Want to work in technology at an investment bank?

Get paid while you train, ongoing support, opportunities at leading global employers – the Alumni graduate program gives you everything you need. (And don’t worry, there’s no training bond. No exit fees, no hidden catches).

Here at Wiley Edge, we pair great graduates with brilliant global businesses. Our clients include tier one investment banks and other organizations across a range of industries, from insurance to healthcare to travel.

What you'll do:

Production support plays a vital role in enterprise technology, from algorithmic trading engines to regulatory reporting.

Think of it as healthcare for technology. As a production support analyst with Wiley Edge, you’ll be on a shared mission to look after the technical systems and processes other teams rely on.

How the Alumni program works:

Apply via this job advert.
Complete our assessment process.
Get trained at Wiley Edge Academy in an online class for 4-8 weeks with other graduates.
Join a Wiley Edge client for 12-24 months while receiving support and salary increases every 6 months.
The vast majority then convert to permanent employees with the client at the end of the program.

What you’ll learn at the Wiley Edge Academy:

How to discuss production support activity at a high level including ITIL (information technology infrastructure library), monitoring, DevOps, SRE (site reliability engineering), and disaster recovery.
How to discuss common financial topics, including financial markets, equity trading, derivatives, currency, treasury, regulation, and risk.
How to write a basic computer program in Python, including user input, common data structures, and flow of control.
How to use MySQL to perform CRUD (create, read, update and delete) operations on a relational database stored in a MySQL Server.

What you need:

Bachelor's degree in computer science or a related STEM subject (science, technology, engineering, maths).
Good grades. We look for potential, not prestige, but it’s important that you enjoy pushing yourself to pick up new ideas.
Ability to troubleshoot, taking an analytical approach to solve problems.
Excellent spoken and written English communication skills.
You will need to be an Australian or New Zealand Citizen or a Permanent residency holder, as we are unable to provide visa sponsorship for this position.
COVID-19 Vaccination

What you’ll get:

Fully paid, in-depth, interactive training in small classes with graduates like you. Our training is created and delivered by industry experts who know your field inside out.
A generous graduate salary.
Pay rises every 6 months to reflect your progress.
A flexible benefits package including gym membership.
Ongoing training and support.
Valuable industry experience. Ultimately, a foot in the door to build your career in an in-demand niche.

How to apply:

Apply to this job advert to tell us a bit about you.
Complete the online assessment (we’ll send you a link by email).
Complete the interviews with our friendly talent team over phone and video.
Lastly, you’ll interview with one or more of our clients.

So you don’t miss out on your dream job, we encourage you to be open to relocating.

We take great pride in celebrating the diversity of each and every individual who contributes to making Wiley Edge the company it is today and will be in the future. We value diversity both within Wiley Edge and with our partner companies, and we're proud to provide an environment where all our colleagues can flourish. That means promoting a strong culture of equality but, most importantly, inclusion. We never want people to change - only add to the amazing mix of people that work for Wiley Edge.

Questions about our program and roles? Please get in touch with us at info@wileyedge.com.

Report job
Hiring Lab
Career Advice
Browse Jobs
Browse Companies
Salaries
Indeed Events
Work at Indeed
Countries
About
Help Centre
ESG at Indeed
© 2023 Indeed
Accessibility at Indeed
Privacy Centre
Cookies
Privacy
Terms