Skip to main content
Find jobs
Company reviews
Search Salary
Upload your resume
Sign in
Employers / Post Job
Start of main content
What
Where
Find Jobs
Cloud Engineer
Aware Super
Australia
Remote
You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply
Apply on company site

Want to be a force for good?

At Aware Super we believe that we do well through doing good. Finding ways to support our communities is part of our DNA and we have a track record of being bold and breaking new ground. We have always believed that we have a responsibility to invest in ways that deliver strong returns for our members at the same time as improving our communities, building a more sustainable economy and supporting employment locally and globally.

Aware Super is one of Australia’s largest industry funds providing superannuation, advice and retirement solutions to those who teach, nurse, care, respond and help others in our communities. We offer a truly collaborative workplace that responds to rapid change, without losing sight of what is most important to us: our members. To learn more visit: https://awaresuper.com.au/member


Your new role

As a Cloud Engineer at Aware Super, you will be responsible for the design and technical implementation of Azure cloud solutions, private cloud and 3rd party SaaS integration as well as the automation and the provisioning of Azure cloud services and deploying application configurations. This role reports to the Senior Systems Engineer Lead and has a focus on operational stability and project delivery including design, planning, build/implementation and operational transition.

**** Most of the Infrastructure team is based in Melbourne but we would be happy to consider suitable candidates from Sydney, Perth and Brisbane ****

How do you exceed our expectations?

You're the type of person who is deeply curious about the practices of DevOps, SRE and the role of Infrastructure Developers. You have a desire to know how things work, without getting overly academic or losing focus on the required business outcomes. You are great at generating ideas that are focused on solving problems and have an innate willingness to share information and collaborate in the pursuit of accelerating business outcomes for Aware Super.

You will also have :

Demonstrated experience in cloud networking/system administration, in Azure;
Strong experience in system administration in Windows and Linux environments;
Practical knowledge of provisioning and maintaining Azure cloud services using Terraform;
Demonstrated experience in administering objects in Active Directory, Azure AD, ADFS and Exchange 2016 / Exchange On-line; and
Knowledge of GitHub and Azure DevOps pipeline deployments


Employee experience

We understand that not everyone works in the same ways. We offer flexibility so that you can perform your role at your best, in line with needs of the business. Through hybrid working we balance the benefits of working remotely and together each week in the office to collaborate, connect and celebrate our success.

We provide opportunities to contribute to (INV ONLY) ground-breaking investment deals, high-impact projects to scale our business and daily challenges that engage deep thinking and inspire innovation in all that we do.

We love working at Aware Super because our hard work is well compensated by:

A culture of career development, continuous learning and growth, supported by generous learning budgets
Abundant well-being offerings like a health & fitness reimbursement, work from home technology reimbursement, discretionary well-being and volunteer leave days, salary continuance insurance and plenty of organisation-wide meeting-free zones
Competitive remuneration packages and attractive benefits




The Aware Super difference

At Aware Super, we believe that diversity of thought, background and experience creates better outcomes for our members and communities and stronger inclusion and belonging for our people. We value a diverse workplace and strongly encourage women, Aboriginal & Torres Strait Islander people, people with cultural and linguistic diversity, LGBTQIA+ individuals, people with disabilities, and mature-age individuals to apply. We are proud to be consistently recognised as an Employer of Choice for Gender Equality and our CEO, Deanne Stewart, is a Pay Equity Ambassador. Our members are at the heart of everything we do, and we CARE deeply, DELIVER honourably, and LEAD bravely.



Applicants must have the right to work in Australia and will be subject to police and bankruptcy checks.

Report job
Hiring Lab
Career Advice
Browse Jobs
Browse Companies
Salaries
Indeed Events
Work at Indeed
Countries
About
Help Centre
ESG at Indeed
© 2023 Indeed
Accessibility at Indeed
Privacy Centre
Cookies
Privacy
Terms