Skip to main content
Find jobs
Company reviews
Search Salary
Upload your resume
Sign in
Employers / Post Job
Start of main content
What
Where
Find Jobs
Youth and Families Minister
Christ Church St Ives
St Ives NSW
Full-time
You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply
Apply on company site
Job details
No matching job preferences
Job Type
Full-time
Christ Church St Ives
Location: St Ives, NSW
Date advertised: 22nd June 2023
Job Type: Full time
Closing Date: 31 July 2023

Christ Church St Ives is seeking a full-time Youth and Families Minister who has an infectious love for Jesus, is above reproach and is committed to a reformed, evangelical and complementarian theological framework.

Christ Church St Ives is a large suburban Anglican Church that exists to build wholehearted disciples of Jesus who will transform the world with his Gospel. Our staff team collaborates in accordance with a purpose driven model as we seek to serve our members who attend both in person and online. More than 200 people are members of our Youth Ministry. Our Youth and Families Minister will take leadership and pastoral responsibility for these people.

1. Position Purpose

The role of Youth and Families Minister is to prayerfully grow wholehearted disciples of Jesus, particularly among those in years 6-12. We want to see a generation confident in their identity in Christ and joyously serving him in living out and sharing the gospel. This role is primarily exercised by leading and equipping leaders for our regular weekly youth ministries in partnership with parents.

2. Key Responsibilities

The Youth and Families Minister’s key responsibilities are:

Establishing direction for and leading the youth ministry in consultation with the Senior Minister and our purpose directors
Recruiting, training, discipling and developing youth leaders
Preaching to and teaching youth and leaders regularly
Coordinating weekly youth programs (growth groups and services) and annual camps
Along with the rest of the Children's, Youth and Families (CYF) team, equipping households to disciple their children
Coordinating High School SRE and support the SRE teacher
Facilitating clear transitions from youth into the broader church congregations
Actively participating in a collaborative staff team for the building of wholehearted disciples across our church

Specific and detailed responsibilities and measurable outcomes will be worked out with the preferred candidate. Ongoing attention to personal Christian growth, ministry development, professional standards and WHS responsibilities are expected and encouraged in all members of our team.

3. Qualifications

Candidates for this position will have:

Evidence of a life of discipleship in following Jesus and personal and professional commitment to see the gospel grow
4 or more years as an employed youth minister with experience leading teams
High level preaching capacity with excellent verbal and written communications skills
A qualification from Youthworks College or Moore Theological College
Ability to relate with a diverse range of people.

Ideally, candidates will have

Used Elvanto in a ministry context
Experience working within the purposes structure of church

This position is full time and offered with remuneration and benefits as articulated in the Sydney Anglican Diocese Remuneration Guidelines. A formal position description is available.

To apply, please provide your resume along with a statement about your personal growth in faith over the last 12 months and answers to the following questions:

What place does building Christ-like friendships play in your philosophy of youth ministry?
Is youth ministry discipleship or evangelism?
What are some of the challenges facing youth today and how would you address these (think content and process) in youth ministry?

Applications should be sent to anna@christchurch.com.au.

Position start date is early January 2024.

Applications close 31 July 2023. Interested candidates are encouraged to apply as soon as possible. Applications may be reviewed prior to the advertised closing date and as such this date may change without notice.

Please be aware that this job ad was placed and authorised only for the sydneyanglicans.net website.

Report job
Hiring Lab
Career Advice
Browse Jobs
Browse Companies
Salaries
Indeed Events
Work at Indeed
Countries
About
Help Centre
ESG at Indeed
© 2023 Indeed
Accessibility at Indeed
Privacy Centre
Cookies
Privacy
Terms