Manager, Technology Operations
Afterpay
Melbourne VIC
Full-time
Apply now
Job details
No matching job preferences
Job Type
Full-time
Company Description


Since we opened our doors in 2009, the world of commerce has evolved immensely, and so has Square. After enabling anyone to take payments and never miss a sale, we saw sellers stymied by disparate, outmoded products and tools that wouldn’t work together.

To solve this problem, we expanded into software and built integrated solutions to help sellers sell online, manage inventory, book appointments, engage loyal buyers, and hire and pay staff. Across it all, we’ve embedded financial services tools at the point of sale, so merchants can access a business loan and manage their cash flow in one place. Afterpay furthers our goal to provide omnichannel tools that unlock meaningful value and growth, enabling sellers to capture the next generation shopper, increase order sizes, and compete at a larger scale.

Today, we are a partner to sellers of all sizes – large, enterprise-scale businesses with complex operations, sellers just starting, as well as merchants who began selling with Square and have grown larger over time. As our sellers grow, so do our solutions. There is a massive opportunity in front of us. We’re building a significant, meaningful, and lasting business, and we are helping sellers worldwide do the same.



Job Description


This role sits within Technology Operations (TechOps), which is a global operational team managing the service level of the Afterpay platform coordinating between engineering teams (our internal vendors) and external vendors. This team is an operational hybrid incorporating elements of Incident Management, Operations, SRE, Problem Management and Observability. Serving as Engineering’s external customer layer, TechOps acts to ensure that customer SLAs are sustained throughout internal and external change; and that the organisation continues to learn from incidents.

As an Engineering Manager in TechOps you will be responsible for end-to-end coordination of both proactive and reactive change responses - deployments, rollbacks, migrations, scheduled maintenance, degradations, service interruptions and outages. You will lead the coordination of response, resolution and communication of incidents; as well as subsequent problem management. This line of responsibility runs from first-line investigation and diagnosis through to incident management and on to post-incident review and closure.

Leading one of TechOps’ three teams of incident managers, you are leading the team in coordinating operational responses to incidents as they arise, supplemented with a portfolio of proactive improvement initiatives. Initiatives include evolving severity definitions, maintaining functionality mapping, problem tracking, escalation process design, stakeholder tracking etc.

You will lead the team in collaborating with a cross-section of internal engineering / product teams, compliance and operations teams as well as external vendors in all areas of platform service.

Key responsibilities will include:

Problem Management | Incident Management

Leading incident managers in managing the lifecycle of multiple incidents of varying severities, service capabilities and markets.
Guiding the team’s coordination between internal and / or external vendor teams. Serving as senior representative in influencing and gaining consensus across stakeholders in incident response
Overseeing and coordinating communication streams from the team and serving as the team’s escalation point for items for decision.

Service Visibility

Overseeing and contributing to the production of various incident, weekly and monthly reports
Coordinating and leading the team in the service-related communication with vendors (internal /external) and partners
Ensuring the team continues building and maintaining operational relationships across the organisation.
Ensure the teams change tracking remains accurate - Deployments, Migrations, Changes, Maintenance, Campaigns, Promotions & Market Events

Service Evolution

Continuing to enhance and evolve the operational and incident framework – system, process, assets and practices.
Identifying areas of opportunity for incremental improvements in our operational framework and lead delivery through to the realisation of those improvements.


Qualifications


Like us, you’ll get a kick out of seeing and feeling the impact of your work. You will be a naturally curious and self-driven individual who enjoys:

Exceptionally detail-oriented with excellent documentation and written communication skills. Collaborating on Slack, JIRA and across a variety of documents and artifacts.
Experienced people leader, capable of distributing and balancing work across the team.
Systems and Operations background - Environments, SDLC, Branches, Releases, Rollback, Rollforwards, Patches, Hotfixes, Upgrades, Migrations etc.
Working knowledge of request / service / ticketing platforms - JIRA, ServiceNow, Salesforce
Sound knowledge in using operational toolsets in observability, monitoring, logging, alerting Splunk, SumoLogic, NewRelic, DataDog, LaunchDarkly, OpsGenie, PagerDuty
Demonstrable track record of successful operational management.
Experience in problem-solving and issue resolution are critical

Additional Information


We’re working to build a more inclusive economy where our customers have equal access to opportunity, and we strive to live by these same values in building our workplace. Block is a proud equal opportunity employer. We work hard to evaluate all employees and job applicants consistently, based solely on the core competencies required of the role at hand, and without regard to any legally protected class.

We believe in being fair, and are committed to an inclusive interview experience, including providing reasonable accommodations to disabled applicants throughout the recruitment process. We encourage applicants to share any needed accommodations with their recruiter, who will treat these requests as confidentially as possible. Want to learn more about what we’re doing to build a workplace that is fair and square? Check out our I+D page.

Perks

We want you to be well and thrive. Our global benefits package includes:

Healthcare coverage
Retirement Plans
Employee Stock Purchase Program
Wellness perks
Paid parental leave
Paid time off
Learning and Development resources

Block, Inc. (NYSE: SQ) is a global technology company with a focus on financial services. Made up of Square, Cash App, Spiral, TIDAL, and TBD, we build tools to help more people access the economy. Square helps sellers run and grow their businesses with its integrated ecosystem of commerce solutions, business software, and banking services. With Cash App, anyone can easily send, spend, or invest their money in stocks or Bitcoin. Spiral (formerly Square Crypto) builds and funds free, open-source Bitcoin projects. Artists use TIDAL to help them succeed as entrepreneurs and connect more deeply with fans. TBD is building an open developer platform to make it easier to access Bitcoin and other blockchain technologies without having to go through an institution.

