Skip to main content
Find jobs
Company reviews
Search Salary
Upload your resume
Sign in
Employers / Post Job
Start of main content
What
Where
Find Jobs
Site Reliability Engineering - Manager
Insurance Australia Group
Melbourne VIC 3000
Hybrid remote
Full-time
You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply
Apply on company site
Job details
No matching job preferences
Job Type
Full-time

Have a meaningful impact as a Site Reliability Engineering - Manager

As part of the largest insurance group in Australia and New Zealand, we’re here for you.

Are you ready?




YOUR ROLE

We are looking for a Site Reliability Engineering Manager to join our top-performing Data Reliability team.

As the Manager, you will ensure reliable data delivery for IAG by supporting the operational enterprise Data platform and systems. You will utilise modern Site Reliability (SRE) approaches and methodologies to enable the continuous delivery of IAG's enterprise data products. Additionally, you will drive innovation and new product development to improve performance through Acquisition, scheduling, EDH (Enterprise Data Hub) processing, and automation capabilities.




You will lead and support the DevOps team, coaching them on agile and continuous delivery principles.

You will be part of a large, collaborative, and engaging Technology & Operations team that operates on a hybrid work model.




The role is open for Sydney and Melbourne locations.




ABOUT YOU

We seek an experienced Site Reliability Engineering Manager who can drive innovation and initiate change in their role. The ideal candidate should possess the following experience:

Experience in a continuous delivery environment, including automation.
Proven success in improving quality and continuous improvement in a Data organisation.
Extensive experience in systems integration and Environment Management.
Considerable experience in Enterprise Information Management.
Demonstrated ability to define, plan, and shape strategies and initiatives into tactical plans for successful delivery.
Exposure to Greenplum or Managing MPP systems (desirable).
Exposure to acquisition tools like INFORMATICA, Kafka (desirable).
Experience building data management applications, storage solutions and scalable infrastructures.
Bachelor's degree in business Analysis, Analytics/Data Science, Management Information Systems, or related field Industry and/or field experience.
ITIL or similar qualification (desirable).



ABOUT US

IAG is not only the largest general insurance group in Australia and New Zealand, underwriting over $AUD13 billion of premium per annum, we’re also a tech and research facility, a hub for climate change experts and a centre of resilience design. We chat over coffee with customers, advocate for them in the corridors of Parliament and back them up in the community when life’s moments hit hardest.

You’ll know our brands – CGU, WFI, NRMA Insurance, AMI, NZI, and State Insurance to name a few. Together they turn our IAG purpose of making your world safer into action by helping, supporting ambitions and making insurance accessible.

When you join IAG, you’re not joining one brand. You’re joining a large purpose-led, Trans-Tasman group dedicated to making your world a safer place.

We’re ready to grow your career, acknowledge every part of you, recognise your brilliance, lead you with purpose and help you live your own purpose through us.




At IAG, you’ll enjoy:

Grow your financial future with 13% superannuation as standard.
Access up to 50% off home and motor insurance.
Flexibility and support so you can live life to the full.
A team who cares about people and the community.



We’re ready for you. Apply today.

Report job
Hiring Lab
Career Advice
Browse Jobs
Browse Companies
Salaries
Indeed Events
Work at Indeed
Countries
About
Help Centre
ESG at Indeed
© 2023 Indeed
Accessibility at Indeed
Privacy Centre
Cookies
Privacy
Terms