DevOps Engineer / SRE (Site Reliability Engineer)
Capgemini
Melbourne VIC
Full-time, Permanent
You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply
Apply on company site
Job details
No matching job preferences
Job Type
Full-time
Permanent
Capgemini is a global leader in partnering with companies to transform and manage their businesses by harnessing the power of technology. Recognised by Ethisphere as one of the World's Most Ethical Companies for the last ten years in a row, we are a diverse, values-driven organisation of over 358,400 team members in more than 50 countries.

Now is the time to join our Australian and New Zealand business as we rapidly expand - purposefully investing into specific technology capabilities whilst designing and driving integrated strategies and solutions across our business lines.

This is an opportunity to be at the forefront of finding new ways technology can help us reimagine what is possible, collect unique career experiences with global clients and game-changing tech projects.

Let us talk about the team:
Capgemini Engineering is an integral part of the Capgemini Group, a global leader in partnering with companies to transform and manage their business by harnessing the power of technology. The Group is guided every day by its purpose of unleashing human energy through technology for an inclusive and sustainable future. It is a responsible and diverse organization of 270,000 team members in 50 countries. With its strong 50-year heritage and deep industry expertise, Capgemini is trusted by its clients to address the entire breadth of their business needs, from strategy and design to operations, fueled by the fast-evolving and innovative world of cloud, data, AI (Artificial Intelligence), connectivity, software, digital engineering, and platforms. The Group reported in 2020 global revenues of €16 billion.

Let us talk about the role and responsibilities:
This is a hybrid role. You're a software engineer writing Python (and other) code as a Software Engineer when required, but also design build pipelines, ensure applications are suitably instrumented, build and/or provide guidance on IaC, automate and support cloud resources.

Key Responsibilities:

Work on the software development (in Python and others) for clients in the mining industry or related industries.
Design, deliver, maintain the applications in a variety of technology such as Python, C#, .NET, React/Angular, SQL Server/PostgreSQL, Git, AWS/Azure, SaaS, and other software.
Provision cloud services using tools like Terraform, Pulumi, etc.
Build, deploy, and maintain containerized applications.
Support the SMEs and key stakeholders on the applications.
Design and implement pipelines.
Ensure applications are suitably instrumented and monitored.
Build and/or provide guidance on IaC.
Collaborate with the team to enhance automation and support for cloud resources.
Good understanding of the existing system architecture and technology.
Good understanding of business operations and processes.

Minimum Requirements:

Bachelor's degree in computer science, Information Technology, Software Engineering, or other IT-related field.
5+ years of experience working with Python, including proficiency in writing clean and efficient code.
Demonstrated experience in configuring and deploying monitoring/measurement systems such as Prometheus, Nagios, Zabbix, Graylog, Logstash or other relevant systems.
Experience in cloud services such as Terraform, Pulumi or other relevant services.
Experience in Linux and scripting.
Experience with Kubernetes (k8s) and/or Nomad is desirable but not required.
Experience in the mining industry is preferrable.
Strong analytical problem-solving skills and attention to detail.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Demonstrated ability to work collaboratively with cross-functional teams.
Ability to prioritize and manage multiple projects simultaneously.
Ability to work within a fast-paced, consulting environment.
Ability to motivate and deliver results.
Self-starter / Team Leader.

Additional Experience:

Extensive knowledge of enterprise-level technologies, including cloud platforms, virtualization, networking, security, and databases.
Experience with Agile and Waterfall project methodologies.
Knowledge of software development lifecycle (SDLC) and project management principles.
Ability to use situational leadership skills to work collaboratively and influence key stakeholders.

Let us talk about what is in it for you!
At Capgemini, we help you get the future you want not only in your career but for your life, and your wider community. Here is how:

Bring your whole self to work in an inclusive environment – our inclusive culture creates a safe place for our people to be themselves and truly belong at Capgemini. We are big on being active allies for everyone, celebrating special events and days of significance important to our people and instilling a genuine curiosity about one another. We actively champion our community groups like Women@Capgemini, OutFront, Reconciliation action, parents and carers and Neurodiversity to name a few. We are proud to say we were named employer of the year for LGBTQ (lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and queer) inclusion and received the trans and gender diverse award at the 2021 Australian LGBTQ Inclusion Awards.

Benefit from learning for life – we offer a huge variety of in-person and digital learning courses, partnering with leading providers like Pluralsight, Harvard Manage mentor, Harvard Spark, and Coursera, offering external certifications and opportunities for you to grow.

Have flexibility to work your way - we aim to build an environment where everyone can enjoy a positive work-life balance. We champion remote working – even though you will want to check out our beautiful offices - and are in the process of making ‘truly flexible’ working arrangements the day-to-day reality for our people.

Contribute to society - we offer opportunities to use your skills to help society address the impact of the digital and automation revolution. Our CSR (Corporate Social Responsibility) program provides opportunities to give back to not for profit and social enterprise organisations aligned to our values. We also help our clients move towards more sustainable business models and are committed to becoming a netzero business by 2030.

Comprehensive Benefits Program – this includes EAP (Employee Assistance Program), access to a medical network, financial assistance for relevant tertiary education, study leave, salary continuance insurance and an extensive discount and rewards program.

Committed to equal opportunities for all – we work to recruit and retain a talented and diverse workforce. We strongly encourage applications from suitably qualified candidates regardless of their gender identity, ethnicity, sexual orientation, religion, ability, intersex status, or age.
For more on life at Capgemini and to hear from our own people, visit: https://www.capgemini.com/au-en/employee-stories/
Please note unsolicited resumes from employment agencies or other third parties will not be considered.

Capgemini Australia has developed and manages, process-orientated Management Systems compliant to the requirements of ISO9001, ISO27001 and ISO14001. We are committed to delivering security solutions and services through state-of-the-art processes and continual improvement frameworks in line with industry best practices as well as contractual, statutory, and regulatory requirements.
