FX Application Support Senior Analyst
Citi Australia
Sydney NSW 2000
Full-time
You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply
Apply on company site
Job details
No matching job preferences
Job Type
Full-time

Citi, the world leading global bank, has approximately 200 million customer accounts and a presence in more than 160 countries and jurisdictions worldwide. Citi provides consumers, corporations, governments and institutions with a broad range of financial products and services, including consumer banking and credit, corporate and investment banking, securities brokerage, transaction services, and wealth management. Citi enables clients to achieve their strategic financial objectives by providing them with cutting-edge ideas, best-in-class products and solutions, and unparalleled access to capital and liquidity.

A critical enabler of Citi’s mission to enable growth and economic progress is technology. Our teams are creating innovations used across the globe – we’re changing the way people bank and how the world does business.


Due to significant and continued investment, Citi’s technology team is growing. We’re looking for talented, driven individuals to help build the future of global banking. At Citi, you’ll have the chance to build the career you want, with the scale, inclusive culture and technology to support you.
You’ll be joining a diverse team of professionals across the world in an environment focused on growth and progress. This is the opportunity to take your career to the next level through the power of Citi’s unmatched globality and vast expertise.



About the Team: ICG Production Management
Our Production Management team provides critical business and technical support to the Institutional Client Group (ICG); working collaboratively to ensure that our platforms and services operate for our clients, whenever they need them. We act as highly skilled and valued partners to our businesses.
Working as part of our Production Management team, you will help deliver a world class client service and experience, by applying engineering, innovation, learning and risk management across our systems and user environments. We interact with a diverse range of people each day, collaborating to solve problems as well as to anticipate and remove them before they occur. At Citi we look to raise the bar of operational excellence by using Site Reliability Engineering (SRE) principles to implement continuous improvement across key areas like latency, availability, performance, and capacity. We welcome candidates with SRE mindsets and experience who are keen to promote the adoption of SRE culture at Citi.


Citi’s distinct global network of people, data and relationships creates a mindset that allows us to identify opportunities, manage risks and connect dots for our clients in ways that others cannot. Our people really do make all the difference in our success. We’re a forward-thinking team. We’re looking for ambitious, capable professionals who thrive on collaboration and want to improve how things are done. In return, we offer rewarding work in a supportive environment, clear opportunities for progression and exciting company benefits.


As an CitiFX Pulse Application Support Senior Analyst you will play an pivotal role in running and maintaining the production environment for Citi’s franchise critical applications, enabling our traders to confidently service our clients.
Additionally, you will play an active role in driving stability and service improvements, developing application knowledge and working with senior business partners across the globe. This will include partnering with our Application Technology Development teams, Infrastructure teams and Business Product Owners.


This role presents an excellent opportunity for a successful candidate to develop a broad range of technical and soft skills, as well as the ability to develop a thorough understanding of Foreign Exchange (FX). You will gain significant experience of the advanced technologies used to run our business regionally and globally, giving you vast exposure to new and existing methodologies and systems.


There will be multiple opportunities for exposure to our firmwide technology network and potential to develop into a role in one of our many growing technology functions throughout Citi. If you can demonstrate an appetite to learn technical concepts, have strong problem-solving skills and an ability to build excellent working relationships then we want to hear from you!

In this role, you're expected to:

Manage, maintain and support applications and their operating environments, providing technical and business support for users of Citi. This will include providing resolutions to application issues, driving stability, efficiency and effectiveness improvements to help the department and overall business succeed.

Perform start of day checks, continuous monitoring, regional handovers and same day risk reconciliations.

Develop and maintain technical support documentation to support team members and wider technology teams.

Identify ways to maximize the potential of the applications used.

Partner with appropriate application development and production support areas and teams to priorities bug fixes and support tooling requirements.

Assess risk and impact of production issues, escalating to the business and technology management in a timely and appropriate manner.

Participate in application releases from development, testing and deployment into the production environment.

Appropriately assess risk when business decisions are made, demonstrating particular consideration for the firm's reputation and safeguarding Citigroup, its clients and assets, by driving compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations, adhering to Policy, applying sound ethical judgment regarding personal behavior, conduct and business practices, and escalating, managing and reporting control issues with transparency.

As a successful candidate, you’d ideally have the following skills and exposure:

Experience in a Production Support role/environment is essential

Experience with technical tools and systems and a willingness and ability to learn new technologies - SQL and Linux

Experience installing, configuring and/or supporting business applications

Knowledge and experience of Problem Management Tools.

Ability to engage senior stakeholders and lead discussions with clear, articulate, and highly assertive communication skills

Experience working in a fast-paced environment whilst demonstrating practical problem solving and strategic thinking skills.

Bachelor’s/University degree or equivalent experience

#LI-Hybrid

-

Job Family Group:

Technology

-

Job Family:

Applications Support

-

Time Type:

Full time

-

Citi is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or status as a protected veteran.

Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries ("Citi”) invite all qualified interested applicants to apply for career opportunities. If you are a person with a disability and need a reasonable accommodation to use our search tools and/or apply for a career opportunity review Accessibility at Citi.

View the "EEO is the Law" poster. View the EEO is the Law Supplement.

View the EEO Policy Statement.

View the Pay Transparency Posting

