Skip to main content
Find jobs
Company reviews
Search Salary
Upload your resume
Sign in
Employers / Post Job
Start of main content
What
Where
Find Jobs
Senior Data Engineer
REA Group
Melbourne VIC
Hybrid remote
Full-time
You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply
Apply on company site
Job details
No matching job preferences
Job Type
Full-time
Utilise your experience in Data Catalogue
Experience Hybrid working arrangements in a flexible environment – ex: Work from the office or home in a rhythm that suits you
Permanent role based in Sydney, Melbourne or Brisbane
Sustainability - We are certified carbon neutral and committed to reducing our impact on the environment.
Charities – We have long-term partnerships with charities working to address homelessness.
We're REA
REA Group
is not your average digital business. From humble beginnings in a garage in Melbourne’s east in 1995, we have grown into a leading global digital business, specialising in property.

With bold and ambitious goals, we are changing the way the world experiences property. No matter where you're at on your property journey, we're here to help with every step - whether that's finding or financing your next home.

Our people are the key to our success. At the heart of everything we do, is a thriving culture centred around high performance and care. We are purpose driven and collaborative, which drives innovation and our ability to make a real impact. As such, we’re proud to be named in Australia’s “Top 5” Best Workplaces two years in a row, as well as being recognised as a Best Workplace for Women.
Where the team fits in
The Data Platform squad is responsible for shaping and delivering the future of our data platform architecture. We build it using a combination of commercial off-the-shelf products and bespoke REA components, including:
Google BigQuery data warehouse/data lake platform.
Bespoke batch ETL job orchestration platform built with Apache Airflow.
Open source based & white-labelled data catalogue + metadata management platform.
Apache Kafka stream processing platform.
Our mission is to make it easy to leverage REA Data. These systems are relied on by 50+ engineering teams and 300+ monthly users at REA, including Data Engineers, Data Scientists, Analysts, SQL Developers, Business Analysts, Product Managers and more.
What the role is all about
You will be joining a group of wonderful people, function in a distributed team and solve complex problems that have far reaching benefits to the business and Tech community.
As a Senior Data Engineer you will contribute within Data Platform team in the following ways:
Provide technical leadership and guidance to the team, serving as a subject matter expert in data engineering and related technologies.
Contribute to the design and architecture of scalable, efficient, and secure data solutions, considering long-term scalability and maintainability.
Contribute to the adoption of best practices, coding standards, and engineering principles across the team to ensure a high-quality and maintainable codebase.
Conduct performance analysis, optimization, and tuning of data processing workflows and systems to enhance efficiency and meet performance targets.
Stay up-to-date with the latest trends, technologies, and advancements in data engineering and proactively evaluate their potential impact on the organization's data infrastructure.
Participate in technical discussions, code reviews, and architectural reviews to maintain code quality, identify improvement opportunities, and ensure adherence to standards.
Mentor and coach junior engineers, fostering their professional growth and assisting them in overcoming technical challenges.
Collaborate with stakeholders to define data governance policies, data quality standards, and data management processes.
Drive continuous improvement initiatives, such as automation, tooling enhancements, and process optimizations, to increase productivity and operational efficiency.
Act as a strong advocate for data-driven decision-making, promoting a data-driven culture within the organization.
Who we’re looking for
Extensive experience in designing, coding, and testing data platform/management tools and systems.
Strong knowledge of software development principles and best practices.
Proficiency in programming languages commonly used in data engineering, such as Python, Java, or Go.
Familiarity with agile methodologies and tools.
Experience with data catalog tools and platforms (e.g., Apache Atlas, Amundsen, Collibra, Alation).
Understanding of data governance best practices and principles.
Hands-on experience with cloud-based data platforms and services (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud).
Expertise in data architecture, data modeling, and database design.
Knowledge of data integration techniques, ETL processes, and data pipeline development.
Ability to ensure operational stability and performance of data systems.
Excellent communication skills and the ability to collaborate effectively with cross-functional teams.
Experience with DevOps practices and tools, such as Docker and CI/CD.
Ability to work collaboratively and autonomously in a fast-paced environment.
Bonus if you have any of the following
Experience in using and managing Cloud infrastructure in AWS and/or GCP.
Experience with Infrastructure as Code techniques, particularly AWS CloudFormation, AWS CDK and Terraform.
Exposure to platform engineering concepts or developer experience & tooling.
Knowledge of SRE and observability best practices.
Willingness to learn new and complex technologies, and ability to share knowledge with the team.
The REA experience
The physical, mental, emotional and financial health of our people is something we’ll never stop caring about. This is a place to learn and grow. We’re committed to your development – both professionally and personally. Your experience with us is something we take seriously.
We offer:
A hybrid and flexible approach to working -
https://rea.to/hybrid-working
Flexible parental leave offering for primary and secondary carers
Programs to support mental, emotional, financial and physical health & wellbeing
Our Because We Care program offers employees volunteering leave, community grants, matched payroll giving and our Community Café donates 100% of revenue to charity.
Hack Days so you can bring your big ideas to life
Performance recognition programs because hard work should never go unnoticed
Our commitment to Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion
We are committed to providing a working environment that embraces and values diversity, equity and inclusion. We believe teams with diverse ideas and experiences are more creative, more eﬀective and fuel disruptive thinking - be it cultural and ethnic backgrounds, gender identity, disability, age, sexual orientation, or any other identity or lived experience. We know diverse teams are critical to maintaining our success and driving new business opportunities. If you've got the skills, dedication and enthusiasm to learn but don't necessarily meet every single point on the job description, please still get in touch.
If you like the sound of us, then we think you should apply today. We're proud to be Circle Back Initiative Employer and we commit to respond to every applicant. While we're looking at your application, and preparing to come back to you with an update, why not get to know us a bit more through our various social channels?
Report job
Hiring Lab
Career Advice
Browse Jobs
Browse Companies
Salaries
Indeed Events
Work at Indeed
Countries
About
Help Centre
ESG at Indeed
© 2023 Indeed
Accessibility at Indeed
Privacy Centre
Cookies
Privacy
Terms