Network Engineer - SKA-Low Telescope
CSIRO
Perth WA
$105,806 - $114,500 a year - Full-time, Part-time
You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply
Apply on company site
Job details
No matching job preferences
Salary
$105,806 - $114,500 a year
Job Type
Full-time
Part-time
Acknowledgement of Country

CSIRO acknowledges the Traditional Owners of the land, sea and waters, of the area that we live and work on across Australia. We acknowledge their continuing connection to their culture and pay our respects to their Elders past and present. View our vision towards reconciliation

Child Safety

CSIRO is committed to the safety and wellbeing of all children and young people involved in our activities and programs. View our Child Safe Policy.

The Opportunity

The SKA Observatory (SKAO) is a next-generation radio astronomy facility that will revolutionise our understanding of the Universe and the laws of fundamental physics. Enabled by cutting-edge technology, it promises to have a major impact on society, in science and beyond.




In Australia, the SKAO is collaborating with CSIRO to operate and support the construction of the low frequency telescope (SKA-Low) in remote Western Australia on Wajarri Yamaji Country.




The Traditional Owners and native title holders, the Wajarri Yamaji, have gifted CSIRO with the traditional name Inyarrimanha Ilgari Bundara for the CSIRO Murchison Radio-astronomy Observatory, home to the SKA-Low telescope. The traditional name means ‘sharing sky and stars' in the Wajarri language.




The SKA-Low Network Engineer will be responsible for the deployment, configuration, and support of the networking infrastructure of the SKA-Low Telescope and the Engineering Operations Centre (EOC) in Geraldton. This position will work alongside the SKAO’s Network Architect, Computing Infrastructure Lead, other domain specialists, project managers and system engineers to ensure the networks for the SKA-Low Telescope are fit for purpose, providing the quality needed for a system that will have to last, and be continually developed, for decades.




We currently have two Network Engineer positions available with one in Perth and one in Geraldton, Western Australia.

Your duties will include:
Work with the stakeholders to continually refine the network requirements for the SKA Telescopes to ensure they meet the system requirements in an appropriate and cost-effective manner.
Assist in the deployment, configuration, and support of networking infrastructure for the SKA-Low Telescope deployed at the Observatory site and the Engineering Operations Centre (EOC) in Geraldton.
Be an integral member of the international SKAO Networking team, and actively contributing to on-going design network design activities.
Be involved in the initial population of tools for asset management and engineering management as equipment arrives during construction.
Be responsible for preparing documentation and training materials for future installation work during ongoing operations, and documenting lessons learned as the construction phase progresses.
Provide feedback on 'as built' details for the installation due to practical changes & issues arising during construction.



Location: Geraldton or Perth, Western Australia

Salary: AU$105,806 - AU$114,500 plus up to 15.4% superannuation

Tenure: Indefinite - Full-time, Part-time or Job-Share

Reference: 92880




CSIRO is an Equal Opportunity employer working hard to recruit world-class talent that represents the diversity across our society. As part of our commitment to equitable employment outcomes for under-represented groups, preference will be given to Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people and women who meet the role criteria. CSIRO conscious inclusion practices are intended to constitute a special/equal opportunity/affirmative measure under section 8(1) of the Racial Discrimination Act 1975 (Cth) and section 7D of the Sex Discrimination Act 1984 (Cth).

To be considered you will need:

Essential

Qualified to degree level in a relevant subject or an equivalent level of experience and expertise.
Demonstrated experience in installation, optimisation and maintenance of network and security devices and services.
Ability to assure compliance with SKAO security policies and applicable legislation and regulation.
Knowledge in the design of network systems at enterprise-level, datacentres, or large distributed systems with understanding of new and emerging networking and security technologies.
Ability to communicate effectively with a wide range of stakeholders including gathering and distilling information and tailoring it appropriately for the target audience.
Experience working in a diverse and collaborative team environment across multiple locations.



Desirable

Knowledge and understanding of:
Long-haul networking technologies
Software-defined networking systems
Zero-trust networking principles
System information and event management (SIEM) systems and syslog tools
High-Performance Computing (HPC) environments
Cisco Certifications/Qualifications such as CCNA or higher
Knowledge and/or background with IT Service Management disciplines and Frameworks such as ITIL and/or Site Reliability Engineering (SRE)
Experience in the procurement, management, and delivery of network contracts in a complex, high value environment.



For full details about this role please review the Position Description

Eligibility

Applications for this position are open to Australian/New Zealand Citizens and Australian Permanent Residents. Appointment to this role is subject to provision of a national police check and may be subject to other security/medical/character requirements.

Flexible Working Arrangements

We work flexibly at CSIRO, offering a range of options for how, when and where you work.

Diversity and Inclusion

We are working hard to recruit people representing the diversity across our society, and ensure that all our people feel supported to do their best work and feel empowered to let their ideas flourish.

About CSIRO

At CSIRO Australia's national science agency, we solve the greatest challenges through innovative science and technology. We put the safety and wellbeing of our people above all else and earn trust everywhere because we only deal in facts. We collaborate widely and generously and deliver solutions with real impact.




CSIRO is committed to values-based leadership to inspire performance and unlock the potential of our people.




CSIRO is committed to the safety and wellbeing of all children and young people involved in our activities and programs, whether we are undertaking research, engaging with the public or nurturing future scientists in person or online. Source – CSIRO Child Safe policy 2023





Join us and start creating tomorrow today!

How to Apply

Please apply on-line and provide a cover letter and CV that best demonstrate your motivation and ability to meet the requirements of this role.

Applications Close

25 June 2023, 11:59pm AWST

