Skip to main content
Find jobs
Company reviews
Search Salary
Upload your resume
Sign in
Employers / Post Job
Start of main content
What
Where
Find Jobs
Cloud Architect
Technology One Limited
Brisbane QLD
You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply
Apply on company site

How you'll make a difference...

As a Cloud Software Architect, you will play a vital role in shaping and implementing our cloud-based software solutions. You will be responsible for designing, developing, and deploying scalable and reliable cloud architectures that meet the needs of our enterprise clients. Collaborating closely with cross-functional teams, you will contribute to the creation and evolution of our cloud infrastructure, ensuring its stability, performance, and security.




What you’ll be doing…

Architect and design cloud-based software solutions, considering scalability, reliability, performance, and security.

Collaborate with product managers, software engineers, SRE and DevOps teams to understand business requirements and translate them into technical specifications and architecture.

Develop and maintain a deep understanding of the existing TechnologyOne cloud infrastructure, platforms, and services, and identify opportunities for optimization and enhancement.

Design and implement cloud architecture patterns and best practices, including microservices, serverless, containerization, and event-driven architectures.

Ensure the security and compliance of the cloud infrastructure, implementing robust security controls, monitoring mechanisms, and disaster recovery plans.

Collaborate with software development teams to define and enforce coding standards, delivery processes, and deployment automation.

Provide technical guidance and mentorship to software engineers and other team members, fostering a culture of innovation and continuous learning




Your skillset …

Strong experience & expertise in a Cloud platform such as AWS, AZURE or google cloud platform.

Solid understanding of cloud architecture patterns, microservices, serverless computing, containerization and event driven architectures.

Experience defining and shaping products and services in a cloud environment, aligned with market demands and client requirements.
Excellent leadership and coaching abilities, with a passion for fostering teamwork and driving performance.

Relevant degree, qualification or job experience within the industry.




We value diversity and aim to create a vibrant and inclusive workforce. If you meet a number of the requirements (and not all), we encourage you to submit your application.




Benefits …

24 hours on-site Gym in Brisbane (state of the art equipment) or a company paid gym membership in our other HQ offices.

Purchased additional annual leave benefit. Option to extend leave to 6 weeks.

Foundation leave, an additional 2.5 days per year to volunteer with registered charities.

Free breakfast on-site.

TechnologyOne employee share plan.

Salary packaging for devices like mobile phones, tablets & smart watches, as well as novated leases on cars and more.

Professional development allowance benefits for use on courses, conferences, workshops etc.




Who we are ...

TechnologyOne (ASX: TNE) is Australia’s largest enterprise software company and one of Australia’s top 100 ASX-listed companies, with locations across six countries. We provide a global SaaS ERP solution that transforms business and makes life simple for our customers.

Our deeply integrated enterprise SaaS solution is available on any device, anywhere and any time and is incredibly easy to use. Over 1,200 leading corporations, government agencies, local councils and universities are powered by our software.

We pride ourselves on providing our people with earned recognition through career progression, competitive salaries and a supportive environment.

Applicants must have the right to work permanently in Australia.

Report job
Hiring Lab
Career Advice
Browse Jobs
Browse Companies
Salaries
Indeed Events
Work at Indeed
Countries
About
Help Centre
ESG at Indeed
© 2023 Indeed
Accessibility at Indeed
Privacy Centre
Cookies
Privacy
Terms