Lead Engineer
affix
Melbourne VIC
Hybrid remote
Apply now

Keen to join the early days of a startup journey? Excited to help shape future tech and products? Want a role with clear career progression and the opportunity to have your voice heard? Then let me introduce you to Paddl - a place where you can empower folks across the globe as a Lead Engineer.

Why join a startup? Think: impact, meaning, autonomy, ownership, culture, tackling complex problems + variety. This is the kind of role with lots of creative freedom and the mandate to build something from the ground up. As a Lead Engineer you will play a critical role in… well, just about everything! Their culture, their product, & their tech!

If you love voicing your opinions, having robust & healthy debates about tech, tussling with ideas about product direction, but ultimately remain flexible to always land at the best approach for delivery - then you’ll fit right in here! These folks are all ideas, ideas, ideas - but with strong opinions, loosely held.

The best part? You’re doing this all with the exec team, meaning your opinions directly impact future strategy, direction, and execution. Paddl loves to promote from within and offers clear career progression opportunities if stepping up to a Tech Lead or similar position is on your horizon.

Who is Paddl?
Paddl is an edtech product business that’s on a mission to upskill, motivate, and support workers to thrive in the ever-changing world of work. By 2030, over 1 billion people need to be reskilled and upskilled to meet future demand, and traditional forms of education simply cannot keep up. They are a team of innovative, passionate folks who are damn good at their craft, all hungry to make an impact in empowering the global workforce as pioneers of tomorrow.

The Product
Paddl’s product delivers an all-in-1 workspace for teams to access live upskilling programs, experiences and dynamic content integrations curated to build the skills, mindsets and networks they need to succeed in the future. Covering topics like Innovation, Technology, Leadership, Collaboration, Sustainability, High Performance + more.

Their world-first “Experience Analytics” and “XP Algorithm” track and measure users’ skills and experience to analyse progress, strengths, weaknesses and more; supporting users, businesses and their own internal team in data-driven decision making. If data is something that excites you, you’ll absolutely have the opportunity to get under the hood and try your hand at this!

Your Future Impact as a Lead Engineer
Tech
You will design, develop and deliver solutions (think: fullstack across APIs, reusable components, cloud + SRE, and applications). You’re a Lead Fullstack JavaScript Engineer, who might lean more one way than the other (and that’s just fine!).

As a Lead Engineer, you will advise and contribute to technical decision making. Maybe you’ve made suggestions for product or code improvements that have been adopted by your team or maybe you’ve taken the lead on a new feature or project in the past? This is your opportunity to dive even further into technical leadership.

Paddl aims to make their platform faster, leaner, and more scalable and you’re excited to share your ideas on how to get there.

Process
You will play a key role in enhancing Paddl’s engineering process. You’re someone who’s always thinking of ways to harness new tooling and technologies like AI to make processes as efficient as possible.

Product
You will collaborate closely with the product team to define the scope & complexity of new projects, as well as enhancing their existing products and architecture.

Strategy
You will contribute to engineering strategies and help co-create a culture of continuous improvement, engineering excellence, creativity, and innovation.

If any of this feels like it might be a stretch for you, then we absolutely still want to hear from you. Ultimately, we’re looking for someone to come in with the right attitude, ideas, and to share in the hunger & passion that all of the folks at Paddl have.

The techy bits
Their tech stack is across React, Next.js, TypeScript, Express, Node, MongoDB, and AWS. There’s a bit of Ruby kicking around, so there might be some legacy end points to consume.

Some bits & pieces that are going to be implemented in the future (perhaps by you!) are: Stripe, GraphQL and Apollo, Mongoose, Turborepo + did I mention data? Plus, lots more about data is on the horizon too!

This doesn’t need to be your exact tech stack - we’re looking for a solid JavaScript Engineer, and we’re open to a variety of frameworks (like Vue, Angular + more) who’s hungry to learn the rest.

You can view their full tooling stack here > https://paddl.notion.site/Tool-Stack-3d9c00b1944f4fb68f3270f4968b73c0

Paddl run agile sprints and have OKRs - so you can expect to work on meaty & ambitious goals that directly add value, from Day One.

This isn’t the kind of role where you come in and just ‘pick up a ticket’ either. You’ll be involved end-to-end in defining & teasing out requirements, designing, testing, deploying, and even building *and* maintaining the pipelines + infrastructure around it.

This is for the devs who really care about their craft, end users, and growing their experience holistically.

Ways of working
Trust, flexibility and a love of in-person collaboration underpin this startup's success. This is a culture where families (and life) comes first (hello, birthday leave!).

Melbourne-born, Paddl works hybrid, a mix of remote & coming together to partner (deeply) @ The Commons coworking space in Cremorne, where they have a private office. They really value that time together, too! Whether it’s heading out for a team lunch, heading out to celebrate a win together over a bev, or hitting The Commons table tennis tables throughout the day.

They have a flat org structure, and you can expect to work directly (and meaningfully) with the Founder and other senior leaders on the regular. You’ll be entrusted with real responsibilities and challenges to grow from.

Diversity is something that Paddl celebrates & they strive towards becoming more inclusive as they scale. They’re at the start of this journey, but already have a wonderfully multicultural team and some pretty remarkable women in leadership.

Where to from here?
Let's face it, changing jobs can be nerve-wracking, exhausting, or even a pain in the a***.

That's where affix comes in.
If you’re a Lead Engineer wanting to work in an incredible startup, here's how you can find us to connect:

Kushla Egan: kushla.egan@affix.com.au

Cass Galliott: cassitie.galliott@affix.com.au

