Site Reliability Engineer
Cognizant Technology Solutions
Sydney NSW 2000
Full-time
You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply
Apply on company site
Job details
No matching job preferences
Job Type
Full-time
Shift and Schedule
Day shift
Shift work

What makes Cognizant a unique place to work? The combination of rapid growth and an international and innovative environment! This is creating many opportunities for people like YOU — people with an entrepreneurial spirit who want to make a difference in this world. At Cognizant, together with your colleagues from all around the world, you will collaborate on creating solutions for the world's leading companies and help them become more flexible, more innovative, and successful. Moreover, this is your chance to be part of the success story.

Job Description:

SRE is a core capability required across all services that has a production responsibility for deployed cloud services hosted on the platform.
SRE is concerned with several aspects of a service including reliability, resilience, performance, SLA/SLO/SLI measurements, observability, and automation.
They bridge development and operations by applying a software engineering mindset to the automaton of the cloud services and system administration topics.
They ensure a solution’s availability, latency, performance, efficiency, change management, monitoring, emergency response, and capacity planning.

Roles and Responsibilities:

Defining a product’s SLA/SLO/SLI agreement.
Developing, supporting, implementing, and maintaining observability and automation tools to support cloud solutions.
Engineering in resilient design and implementation practices into solutions as they go through the product life cycle.
Engineering out manual effort (Toil) through the development of automated processes and services (eg. Automated Management of Systems, CI/CD improvements).
Introducing observability tools to track, report, and measure a product’s SLA adherence.
Service analysis and restoration in the event of failure as part of incident management processes.
Responsible for operationally supporting the product (prior to transition to cloud operations) covering incident and emergency response, operational administrative tasks (compliance reporting etc).
Review, analysis, and improvement development of deployed products with respect to product architecture and inter-service dependencies.

Mandatory Skills:

3-5 years of experience in software engineering, or cloud infrastructure engineering and administration.
Experience with cloud automation development tools such as Gitlab CI/CD, Terraform Cloud/Enterprise, Ansible, AWS CloudFormation, Azure DevOps, Python/Bash/PowerShell Scripting.
Experience in administrating cloud infrastructure with SRE metric-driven reporting.
Defining a product’s SLA/SLO/SLI agreement.
Knowledge of agile/iterative development, and test-driven development.
Mastery of collaborative software development using Git, Jira and Confluence.
Experience in implementing best practice cybersecurity controls in cloud environments.
Experience in agile style ways of working.
Experience in working with multi-cultural and diverse teams.
Experience in working with virtual teams across different time zones.
Relentless drive to continuously learn new skills and improve.
Previous experience in an infrastructure or application development domain such as: Network Engineering, IaaS Engineering, DevSecOps, Automation Tools Engineering, Web Application Development, Mobile Application Development, Data Science is highly desirable.

Salary Range: >$100,000

Next Steps:

If you feel this opportunity suits you, or Cognizant is the type of organization you would like to join, we want to have a conversation with you! Please apply directly with us.

For a complete list of open opportunities with Cognizant, visit http://www.cognizant.com/careers Cognizant is committed to providing Equal Employment Opportunities. Successful candidates will be required to undergo a background check.

About Cognizant:

Cognizant (Nasdaq-100: CTSH) is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build, and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the U.S., Cognizant is ranked 185 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at www.cognizant.com or follow us @cognizant.

#LI-CTSAPAC

Employee Status : Full Time Employee

Shift : Day Job

Job Posting : Jun 14 2023

About Cognizant
Cognizant (Nasdaq-100: CTSH) is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the U.S., Cognizant is ranked 185 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at www.cognizant.com or follow us @Cognizant.

