Skip to main content
Find jobs
Company reviews
Search Salary
Upload your resume
Sign in
Employers / Post Job
Start of main content
What
Where
Find Jobs
Principal DevOps Engineer
Nearmap
Barangaroo NSW
Full-time
Apply now
Job details
No matching job preferences
Job Type
Full-time
Company Description


Nearmap is unique. An Australian global technology company with incredible people; a market-leader with energy and spirit. Nearmap was named as one of the world’s 10 Most Innovative Companies of 2020 by Fast Company magazine – and we’re growing.

Nearmap provides a virtual model of the real world – at a scale and detail that hasn’t been done before. Our ambition is to be the source of truth that shapes our liveable world. At Nearmap, we have an appetite for energetic and engaged people and we are currently seeking a Principal DevOps Engineer to join our DevOps team.

As Principal DevOps Engineer, you will be responsible for helping to drive the team and organisation’s DevOps Maturity via technical leadership, influencing and educating on DevOps best practices, continuous improvement and service availability. Supporting the Director, DevOps this role within the DevOps team will require strong communication skills and you will be responsible in owning technology components and be able to drive the appropriate actions and present key messages to senior stakeholders across the business.

In this function, you will lead, mentor, prioritise work and set the technical direction for the core infrastructure of Nearmap.Your position within Nearmap is all about your engagement ability, technical expertise, your ideas, and your willingness to bring a fresh perspective to the way we do things.

If you join us on this exciting journey, you’ll love our inclusive values and share our ambition to become the source of truth that helps shape decisions for the liveable world.



Job Description


Our DevOps stack: Kubernetes, IAC, GitLab, Linux, Containerisation

What we're looking for:

Experience working in a DevOps role as a senior, principal or technical lead.
Technical leadership experience with the ability to drive the technical direction and prioritisation of our core DevOps team.
Experience with software build tools and automation tools.
Experience working and supporting infrastructure in a highly available environment, and working within large-scale cloud environments.
Experience with modern SRE practices in a cloud-native environment.
Experience working with cross-functional teams, with the ability to communicate with technical and non-technical stakeholders effectively.
Passion for internal tooling, CICD and compliance.
Team-centric leadership and willingness to help others succeed.


Qualifications


Tertiary qualifications in Computer Science, Engineering, or Information Technology (or equivalent).


Additional Information


Some of our benefits

Nearmap takes a holistic approach to our employees’ emotional, physical and financial wellness. Some of our current benefits include:

Quarterly wellbeing day off - Four additional days off annually for your 'YOU' Days
Access to LinkedIn Learning
Wellbeing and technology allowance
Annual flu vaccinations
Hybrid flexibility for this role
Nearmap subscription (of course!)
Stocked kitchen with access to all the snacks you need
In-office lunch every Wednesday at our Sydney CBD office
Showers available for anyone cycling to work or lunchtime gym-goers!

Working at Nearmap
We move fast and work smart; often wearing multiple hats. We adapted to remote working with ease and are continually looking at ways to improve. We’re proud of our inclusive, supportive culture, and maintain a safe environment where everyone feels a sense of belonging and can be themselves.

If you can see yourself working at Nearmap and feel you have the right level of experience, we invite you to get in touch.

Watch our culture video below to find out more about what a day in the life at Nearmap looks like.

Thanks, but we got this! Nearmap does not accept unsolicited resumes from recruitment agencies and search firms. Please do not email or send unsolicited resumes to any Nearmap employee, location or address. Nearmap is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.

Report job
Hiring Lab
Career Advice
Browse Jobs
Browse Companies
Salaries
Indeed Events
Work at Indeed
Countries
About
Help Centre
ESG at Indeed
© 2023 Indeed
Accessibility at Indeed
Privacy Centre
Cookies
Privacy
Terms