Skip to main content
Find jobs
Company reviews
Search Salary
Upload your resume
Sign in
Employers / Post Job
Start of main content
What
Where
Find Jobs
Senior Site Reliability Engineer
Feedzai
Sydney NSW
You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply
Apply on company site

Feedzai is the world's first RiskOps platform for financial risk management, and the market leader in safeguarding global commerce with today's most advanced cloud-based risk management platform, powered by machine learning and artificial intelligence. Feedzai is securing the transition to a cashless world while enabling digital trust in every transaction and payment type. The world's largest banks, processors, and retailers trust Feedzai to protect trillions of dollars and manage risk while improving the customer experience for everyday users, without compromising privacy. Feedzai is a Series D company and has raised $282M to date. With a valuation of +$1.5B, the company's technology protects 900 million people in 190 countries.

With Cloud at its core, the Engineering (Tech) Team is responsible for all Feedzai product development. Together with Product Management and Data Science, we build the next generation of tools to catch fraud in real-time with a machine learning first approach. Formed by engineers and managed by engineers, at Feedzai, you will find one of the most talented teams out there, from junior to senior engineers.

We are fast-paced and provide a safe, open, and collaborative environment that encourages us to lean in, try new things and discover our potential with continuous learning for everyone.

While building the best value for our customers, you will work with a wide range of technical challenges. Such as building distributed systems that need to operate 24/7 and ultra-low latencies, solving UI/UX problems to help fraud analysts to fight fraud more efficiently. In addition, designing extensive databases from relational, NoSQL and graphs, validate and develop new data science techniques and algorithms.




You:

Feedzai SRE team is responsible for the overall cloud platform architecture that supports the cloud services provided to our customers. As part of this team you'll work with other Site Reliability Engineers with a deep understanding of Feedzai cloud products and environments in developing the automation, tooling, and platforms that support Feedzai cloud service, and by doing so, contributing to faster and more agile product delivery.




Your Day to Day:

Build and maintain tools for deployment, monitoring, operations, and analytics;
Provide support on cloud-ops ownership services, production monitoring, deployments, and maintenance of infrastructure.
Develop and execute regional plan to migrate regional environments to the Next Gen architecture
Take ownership of all customer environments in the region
Own and automate/improve Service Catalog in the region
Own and execute the improvement roadmap;
Participate in incident response, root cause investigation, and resolution;
Maintain and develop our infrastructure as code (IaC) to manage and operate end-to-end lifecycle operations (monitoring, alerting, security, cost optimization, configuration, backup, etc.) in production environments;
Utilize your experience and problem-solving skills to help prevent and investigate production issues;
Communicate with team members, stakeholders and customers in a globally distributed and asynchronous environment;



You Have & You Know-How:

A bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or the equivalent combination of education, experience, and training that provides the required knowledge, skills, and abilities;
5+ years of experience with AWS or Azure;
Experience with Automation, Infrastructure-as-Code, Terraform, Ansible, Runbooks and Troubleshooting guides;
Experience with Virtualization, Container Technologies and Orchestration (Docker, Kubernetes);
Programming skills (Go, Python, or similar languages);
Experience with CI/CD pipelines; Experience with monitoring, troubleshooting and guiding on incidents;
Self-driven & motivated, with a strong work ethic and a passion for problem-solving;
Experience working for an anti-financial crime ML driven software company - mandatory



Preferred Qualifications and Skills:

Excellent communication skills both written and verbal;
Kubernetes, Cloud, and Hashicorp certifications or equivalent are valued;
Experience with GCP is a plus;



The Product Team builds our product to disrupt the financial crime industry from a data-led approach. We partner with our clients using a holistic lens and have result-driven solutions to manage financial risk with a cloud-first platform and a world-class UX interface. Being part of this team, you have a voice in planning, strategizing, and challenging the status quo. Your thoughts and ideas are valued. Our fast-paced and open environment encourages us to lean in, try new things, and discover our potential. We define and act on what could be in tomorrow's world, not on what is today. Join Us!




#LI-MG1




Your First 30-Days at Feedzai:

You will be immersed in our brand with training, connections, and one-on-one time with your manager. You may shadow your colleagues virtually or onsite at an office depending on where you work as you are supported through your Feedzai journey. In addition, you will have access to a ton of information to give you history, context, and all the knowledge you can handle about Feedzai and the team. Finally, you will start working on projects and collaborating on work currently being done. We can't wait to have you join the team!

Life at Feedzai Instagram

Feedzai Culture

Feedzai is an Equal Opportunity Employer and we value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.

Feedzai does not accept unsolicited resumes from recruiters or employment agencies.

Feedzai will use the personal data you provide us with by filling out this form for reviewing your application and to potentially negotiate a contract with you. Your personal data will be retained by Feedzai for 24 months following your application. Please see our Privacy Notice available at https://feedzai.com/about-us/privacy/ for more information on how we process your personal data.

Report job
Hiring Lab
Career Advice
Browse Jobs
Browse Companies
Salaries
Indeed Events
Work at Indeed
Countries
About
Help Centre
ESG at Indeed
© 2023 Indeed
Accessibility at Indeed
Privacy Centre
Cookies
Privacy
Terms