Senior DevOps Engineer
Skydance
Sydney NSW
Hybrid remote
$135,000 - $185,000 a year - Full-time
Apply now
Job details
No matching job preferences
Salary
$135,000 - $185,000 a year
Job Type
Full-time
Skydance offers a dynamic, inclusive, and ever-evolving culture where innovative ideas are welcomed, and growth fostered. The partnership between unique creativity and technological advancements are demonstrated within each pillar of the company. At the heart of it all is a commitment to boldly entertaining and relevant storytelling.
While all Animation studios look to hire people who are creative and hard-working, Skydance Animation is specifically looking for pioneers who seek to push the limits of what the world’s most collaborative art form can achieve, and to give those pioneers the space and the resources to build a new studio that’s doing something different.
If you’ve ever dreamt of what the early days of Hollywood must have been like, of what it takes to roll up your sleeves and break new ground, figure out a new process, and to one day say, “I was there when it all began,” then welcome aboard…

-

The Senior DevOps at Skydance Animation is a member of the Information Technology team and will be responsible for globally supporting and expanding, production workflows/pipelines, cloud and on-premise infrastructure, automation of infrastructure delivery, and software development processes. The ideal candidate has an interest in and passion for applying modern DevOps technologies, tooling, best practices, architecting and implementing reliable infrastructure, and continuously and aggressively looking for opportunities to modernize and automate work. The IT team provides a wide range of services including Client Services, Systems Engineering, Media/AV Engineering, Networking, and Information Security. #Animation
Responsibilities
Identify normal routines, repeatable tasks, and technical challenges that are candidates for automation, and then create and support the deployment of innovative DevOps solutions using Terraform, Ansible and Python
Azure/AWS/OCI provisioning, configuration management, storage management, network management, and virtualization
Develop technical “vision” for projects, translate targeted solutions into end-to end architectural designs, set proper priority and lead implementations
Maintain a strong understanding of studio workflows/pipeline and collaborate with Production Technology groups to provide proper systems services and automation
Partner with Engineers and development teams to develop, maintain, and streamline build and release pipeline using automation to test to deploy releases
Lead efforts with developers, engineers, and security teams to define and implement best in class CI/CD process
Maintain source control branch strategies, build/release, branch merge process and documentations
Work with team to design, implement and maintain render farm including configuration, deployment, performance and capacity monitoring, forecasting, and cloud bursting capabilities
Presenting of technology to leadership including options, cost-benefit breakdown, and integration plans
Must proactively seek out trends, technologies, and information to keep overall studio current and aware of possible new solutions to studio challenges
Available to respond to incidents as they come up.
Foster positive relationships with peers, supervision, stakeholders, 3rd Parties, and mentor less experienced team members
Requirements
4+ years working as DevOps Engineer or SRE (or similar) with a strong understanding of and practical experience with automation, virtualization, and cloud engineering
End-to-end understanding of CI/CD pipelines
Extensive coding/scripting and debugging experience for building/integrating systems & solutions (Bash, Python, Go, etc.)
Extensive experience working with automation tools such as Terraform, Puppet, Ansible, etc.
Hands-on experience architecting and maintaining AWS, Google Cloud, Azure, and/or OCI infrastructure and services
Experience with Linux Systems Administration/Management, Servers, and Cloud architecture; ability to troubleshoot systematic Linux platform issues
Experience with identity management infrastructure/architecture with multi-factor authentication (Okta, Duo, etc..) with understanding of standard authentication protocols such as LDAP, Active Directory, SAML, and OAuth
Experience with NFS/SMB file protocols and how they operate in Mac, Windows, and Linux environments
Experience implementing and maintaining of Source Control services and infrastructure (i.e. GitHub)
Experience working in an agile environment, such as Scrum, Kanban, or SAFe
Experience with containerization/Kubernetes technologies and surrounding ecosystems in production environments a plus
Experience with administration of file sharing, file transfer infrastructure (e.g. Box, Dropbox, OneDrive, Signiant, Aspera, FTP, Filerunner, etc.) a plus
Demonstrated ability to explain technical issues clearly and accurately to both technical and non-technical audiences
Experience in the Visual Effects, Animation, or media and entertainment industries a plus
Excellent problem solving, analytical skills and technical troubleshooting skills
Must be a team player
The annual range for this exempt position in Los Angeles is $135,000-185,000/year. The rate offered may vary based on the candidate’s location, qualifications, experience and relevant expertise, among other factors. The range indicated is for base salary only and does not reflect the total compensation package, including bonus, benefits, etc.
Skydance is a diversified media company founded by David Ellison in 2010 to create high quality, event-level entertainment for global audiences. The Company brings to life stories of immersive worlds across its feature film, television, interactive, and animation divisions.
Skydance is proud to be an equal opportunity employer committed to building and fostering a diverse, equitable, and inclusive workforce. We welcome and consider applicants for employment regardless of race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, citizenship, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, pregnancy status, military/veteran status, disability, or any other protected category. Diversity in the workplace is not just a commitment, it is who we are and a reflection of what makes our world special.

Recruitment Fraud Alert
It has come to our attention that there may be fraudulent activity by individuals impersonating our Talent Acquisition team. Skydance will only contact you from an official “@skydance.com” email address. If you suspect that you are being contacted by an unauthorized person or believe that the correspondence you have received is suspicious, please do not click on any links or attachments in such emails and submit any questions or concerns to our information security team at information.security@skydance.com.
