Skip to main content
Find jobs
Company reviews
Search Salary
Upload your resume
Sign in
Employers / Post Job
Start of main content
What
Where
Find Jobs
Japanese speaking Solutions Architect or Engineer
Queue-it
Sydney NSW
Full-time
You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply
Apply on company site
Job details
No matching job preferences
Job Type
Full-time
Are you looking to join an experienced and thriving internal culture?

About us

Queue-it is a Danish tech scale-up that empowers the world’s biggest brands to deliver on their busiest days. Our virtual waiting rooms prevent website crashes and bot abuse to create a smoother, fairer online experience for billions of users.

Queue-it is a place where you can do what you are naturally best at to positively maintain your performance. We’re a diverse team coming from 50+ countries with offices in Denmark, the U.S., and Australia.

About the role

You’ll play a key role in our continued growth by providing technical recommendations to our enterprise-level customers.

You’ll look under the hood of their web application architecture, figure out which technical/ business issues we can help them solve, and guide them through an ideal implementation of Queue-It.

Responsibilities:

Provide technical guidance. Introduce customers to the product and its capabilities through demo and technical Q&A, and lead onboarding via product integration and optimization.

Investigate and communicate. Translate complex use cases and apply an in-depth understanding of various technology platforms and languages to prescribe and implement the best integration strategy.

Collaborate for success. Work with customers and external technology partners, as well as our full team to ensure successful delivery and integration of our product.

Qualifications
You're fluent in Japanese and English, and you enjoy connecting with colleagues around the world. You’re excited about the opportunities of being part of a new and growing team to support our APAC customers
Ability to interface at all levels in an organization, particularly at the Executive level
Great troubleshooting and analytical skills
Project/self-management skills and proficiency in handling multiple customers and projects simultaneously
Excellent communication skills in English; Japanese skills would be a strong advantage
We are looking for someone with:
5 to 10 years of working experience with extensive web application development and/or architecture depending if you applying for the SA or SE role
In-depth knowledge of high-performance website optimization techniques commonly used in eCommerce platforms and/or ticketing software, such as CDN, caching, load balancing, etc.
Large strategic enterprise clients and market leaders
Programming frameworks – JavaScript, .NET, JAVA, or PHP
eCommerce platforms, such as SAP Hybris, SalesForce, Magento, Shopify, etc. and/or ticketing technology
CDNs such as Akamai, Cloudflare and/or CloudFront
Why Queue-it is a great place to work:

Growth: Queue-it is still growing and your role will oversee the expansion of the company in your own AU & NZ markets- what an exciting opportunity!

Success as defined by you: We’ll provide the tools and flexibility, so you can make a meaningful impact, your way.

Diverse & Inclusive: We value differences and adopt a strength-based approach to working; giving you the freedom to work in your own, best-suited style. Furthermore, our typically Danish flat hierarchy (which applies overseas too…) means that your ideas will be valued and heard.

Colleagues & Culture: We host various celebrations and get-togethers across all our offices. Our friendly, and international culture of over 50 nationalities means that your colleagues will also become your friends.

About the office

Located in Hurstville in a modern and new multi-story tower on the main southern rail line, Queue-it offers modern amenities, collaborative spaces, and quiet zones to suit all work styles. Local access to the very diverse Hurstville precinct with numerous lunch and shopping options, a beverage-stocked fridge, and plenty of snacks to keep you fuelled through the day!

-

Queue-it is committed to employing a diverse staff. Qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, colour, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression or disability.

Department
Technology
Locations
Sydney - AU
Employment type
Full-time
Join our team
Site Reliability Engineer (SRE) – Ensure consistent reliability throughout product growth
Technology · Copenhagen - DK
More jobs

Technology · Sydney - AU
Japanese speaking Solutions Architect or Engineer
Are you looking to join an experienced and thriving internal culture?

Loading application form

Report job
Hiring Lab
Career Advice
Browse Jobs
Browse Companies
Salaries
Indeed Events
Work at Indeed
Countries
About
Help Centre
ESG at Indeed
© 2023 Indeed
Accessibility at Indeed
Privacy Centre
Cookies
Privacy
Terms