Skip to main content
Find jobs
Company reviews
Search Salary
Upload your resume
Sign in
Employers / Post Job
Start of main content
What
Where
Find Jobs
ENGINEERING - Site Reliability Engineer
Macquarie Group Limited
Sydney NSW
Hybrid remote
Full-time, Permanent
You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply
Apply on company site
Job details
No matching job preferences
Job Type
Full-time
Permanent

Join a high performing SRE Engineering team supporting our Commodities and Global Markets business group and work with a multitude of technology teams and business stakeholders to solve problems and deliver fit-for-purpose solutions.

At Macquarie, we are working to create lasting value for our communities, our clients and our people. We are a global financial services group operating in 34 markets and with 54 years of unbroken profitability. You’ll be part of a supportive team where everyone - no matter what role - contributes ideas and drive outcomes.

What role will you play?

You will be responsible for building out, automating, and supporting our critical systems. You will combine problem solving skills with software and systems engineering to take a proactive approach in building fault-tolerant systems, improving observability/monitoring/alerting capabilities, automating tasks and build tools.

In the SRE team you will have the opportunity to impact the Commodities and Global Markets division within Macquarie front to back, building relationships with a motivated and agile global technology community.

What you offer

3+ years of experience in Unix/Linux and Bash
3+ Software development experience using Python, Java, C++ or similar
Experience with Git, CI/CD tooling (e.g. Jenkins)
Hands on experience with Cloud technologies (e.g. AWS, GCP, etc.)
Knowledge of good software design and application architectural practices

We love hearing from anyone inspired to build a better future with us, if you're excited about the role or working at Macquarie we encourage you to apply.

Benefits

Hybrid and flexible working arrangements
Wellbeing and service bonus leave
Up to 20 weeks paid parental leave as well as benefits to support you as you transition to life as a working parent
Paid volunteer leave and donation matching
Range of benefits to support your physical, psychological and financial wellbeing

About the Corporate Operations Group

The Corporate Operations Group brings together specialist support services in Digital Transformation & Data, Technology, Operations, Human Resources, Business Services, Business Improvement & Strategy, and the Macquarie Group Foundation. We deliver service excellence to ensure Macquarie is open for business, deliver on transformational change, invest in our people and have deep relationships with our customers.

Our commitment to Diversity and Inclusion

The diversity of our people is one of our greatest strengths, and in combination with our inclusive environment, it enables us to deliver innovative and sustainable outcomes for our people, clients, shareholders and communities. From day one, you'll be encouraged to be yourself and supported to perform at your best. If our purpose of ‘empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future’ is as inspiring to you as it is to us, please apply. With the right technology, support and resources, our people can work in a range of flexible ways.

We are committed to providing a working environment that embraces and values diversity and inclusion. We encourage candidates to speak with a member of our recruitment team if you require adjustments to our recruitment process to support you, and the type of working arrangements that would help you thrive.




About Macquarie

A career at Macquarie means you’ll have the opportunity to develop and utilise new skills, explore interesting fields and do challenging work that will impact the lives of people around the world—whether it’s accelerating the green energy transition, helping sustain global food supplies, financing social housing projects or investing in essential infrastructure. At Macquarie, we’re empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future.

Our size and international presence means your work can take you anywhere—across business groups, disciplines, sectors and borders. With 19,200+ employees and offices in 34 markets around the world, we’re a truly global organisation.

You’ll be supported by a diverse team where the unique perspectives, ideas and experiences that all of our people bring are valued. You’ll be empowered to address unmet needs in our communities whilst advising and investing alongside our clients and partners. Working with us, you’ll have the opportunity to make a difference.

Macquarie is a global financial group providing clients with asset management, retail and business banking, wealth management, leasing and asset financing, market access, commodity trading, renewables development, specialist advisory, capital raising and principal investment.




Job no: COG-961153
Work type: Permanent - Full time
Location: Sydney
Category: Technology
Group: Corporate Operations Group
Division: Technology
Recruiter: Michael Macalua
Opening Date: 24/5/2023
Report job
Hiring Lab
Career Advice
Browse Jobs
Browse Companies
Salaries
Indeed Events
Work at Indeed
Countries
About
Help Centre
ESG at Indeed
© 2023 Indeed
Accessibility at Indeed
Privacy Centre
Cookies
Privacy
Terms