Senior IT Operations Specialist (Ordering-focused)
Optus
Macquarie Park NSW
Part-time
You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply
Apply on company site
Job details
No matching job preferences
Job Type
Part-time
Senior IT Operations Specialist (Ordering-focused)



Date: 9 Jun 2023

Location: Macquarie Park, Australia

Company: Singtel Group


Job Summary




The Senior IT Operations Specialist (Ordering-focused) role is accountable for serving as Operations Intelligence with Ordering-focused for the IT Operations Rapid Response Team (RRT).




Key Responsibilities

In summary, the goal of the RRT members includes (but is not limited to):

 Major Incident Management area:

o Serve as Subject Matter Expert (SME) for IT Operations (Ordering-focused)

o Investigate and diagnose the Major Incident and provides a regular update to the MIM and ICs.

o Work with other Applications, Infrastructure and/or Network SMEs to assist with the investigation, and diagnosis of issues.

o Provide input to the Major Incident Manager (MIM) for the service restoration action plan.

o Provide guidance and functional escalation to the next level of support when the current level has insufficient knowledge/expertise to diagnose and resolve the issue.

 Major Incident Management area:

o Chair and manage Post Incident Review (PIR).

o Drive Continuous Improvements via the Root Cause Identification and implementation of Permanent Corrective Actions.

 Operation Intelligence area:

o Identify single points of failure and resilience improvements within the IT environment to enhance IT service availability

o Working with SRE Operations, DevOps, and Observability team is looking for opportunities to streamline and improve operations services.




The Skills to pay the Bills




Minimum 5 years of relevant IT experience with 3 years of Telco experience.
A proven track record of success as an IT Operations Specialist, ideally in the broad ICT or Telecommunication industry sector, or related (but multiple and publicly listed) service industry sectors (e.g. financial services and utilities)
Experience in communicating and influencing at senior management and executive level
Strong experience in managing multiple business stakeholders and vendors
Strong understanding of architectural principles and industry standards
Experience in managing incidents in a complex and high-pressure environment
Strong vendor management experience with a successful track record of driving an outcome
Solid understanding of Ordering/Order fulfilment technology (preferably Amdocs CRM/OMS).
Demonstrable background in the design, implementation, measurement and tracking of operational key performance indicators
Strong customer focus with a commitment to the delivery of quality services
Detailed understanding of the end-to-end software life cycle, operational and support procedures and processes
Proven track record of conceptual/strategic thinking ability
Experience with monitoring systems (Elastic, DynaTrace, Nagios etc.).
Experience in Operation Intelligence (operations trends analysis).



We understand that flexibility means different things to different people. We're proud to offer a variety of options to work in different ways, such as our Blended Ways of Working, job share and part-time. Our Blended Ways of Working lets our people work across home and our offices. Please talk to us about how we can make this role work for you!

Curious about our culture? Go behind the scenes with our people by searching #OptusLife on LinkedIn.

