Platform Engineer
Dovetail
Sydney NSW
You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply
Apply on company site

Dovetail is the world’s leading customer insights hub, helping thousands of teams build better products. From user feedback and customer interviews to support tickets and sales calls, Dovetail helps you uncover insights fast—no matter the method. Driven by ambition and innovation, the Dovetail team is customer-obsessed and on a mission to help the world improve the quality of every thing. Join the ranks of Atlassian, The New York Times, Spotify, Universal, Porsche, Starbucks, and thousands more as they put their customer first with Dovetail and improve the quality of their thing.

Founded in 2017 by Benjamin Humphrey and Bradley Ayers, Dovetail has 100+ employees across offices in Sydney and San Francisco.

We're looking for Platform Engineers to join our platform engineering team. Over the next 18 months, we will be ever-evolving our existing platform-as-a-product. We’re all about sweating the details on delightful experiences, tackling ambitious technical challenges, and delivering customer value, so there's a massive opportunity for growth and impact.

What you'll do
Join our platform engineering team. You'll be a crucial part of our platform team, working closely with your engineering manager, technical product manager, and other engineers to evolve our internal systems and platforms.
Deliver high-quality product infrastructure. Working with your team, you'll identify, define, design, and implement technical solutions for Dovetail’s platform, including infrastructure, core foundations of Dovetails applications, developer tooling, CI/CD, and observability.
Own the technologies that power our engineering. You'll be responsible for cross-cutting technologies that support all Dovetail engineers in delivering value to our customers. You’ll directly impact developer experience, performance, reliability, and the end-to-end customer experience by delivering excellent internal products.
Help mature our operational health. You’ll bring an SRE mindset to help develop our operational practices within our platform and product teams. Your hard work will deliver state-of-the-art reliability and performance for our rapidly growing customer base.
Mentor and support other engineers. We're scaling quickly, so you'll assist in optimizing the team to continually improve their software practices through code review, pair programming, design sparring, etc. to support career growth.
Foster a culture of pragmatism. You'll maintain and foster a pragmatic approach to software development while also collaborating towards establishing detailed guidelines and standards for product development processes based on industry best practices and your experience.
Your background
Experience in platform engineering. You'll have experience with technologies like TypeScript, GraphQL, Aurora PostgreSQL, AWS, containerization (EKS or ECS), serverless technologies, developer tooling, and infrastructure-as-code (Pulumi and Terraform). Managing CI/CD, alerting, and deployment workflows, particularly with self-service models are also desirable.
Experience managing platform projects. You'll have the ability to own the delivery of complex features, break down requirements and provide reasonable estimates.
You are pragmatic and flexible. Like your new teammates, you're used to doing what's necessary to get the job done. You'll need to be comfortable with ambiguity, operate with high independence, be resourceful in solving problems, and be able to adjust to shifting deadlines and project goals.
When you do it, you nail it. You share our keen eye for quality. You don't half-ass your work, instead what you ship is top-notch. You cut scope before cutting quality.
Excellent, concise communicator. You can easily convey your thoughts, opinions, and feelings with your platform team and have the ability to articulate effort vs impact tradeoffs.

At Dovetail, we’re passionate about building and fostering an environment where every team member feels supported and valued. We celebrate individualism, welcoming everyone to show up as their authentic selves every day. It’s no secret that diversity builds the best teams, large or small, so we highly encourage applications from people who identify as part of an under-represented group. Please take a peek at Dovetail’s commitment to Program 50/50 and hear why we’re officially a Great Place to Work on our careers page for more info!

Benefits
Equity for everyone. We put our money where our mouth is. No matter your role, we provide equity for all along with competitive salaries. See your investment grow as Dovetail grows.
Equal parental leave. We offer an inclusive framework of 20 weeks equal paid leave to support new parents. Every family is unique, so you make the call how you’d like to take care of what matters most.
Modern and pet friendly offices. Bring your pooch to our modern, ergonomic offices in the heart of Surry Hills. We also host monthly events for the whole team to connect and unwind.
Flexible work-life balance. Whether you're a parent, student, or juggling a million things, we get it. While we're an office-first culture, we work together to make your schedule work for you.
Develop and grow. Take a course, attend a lunch and learn, or head to a conference to help you grow! We love to support you any way we can, so expect Dovetail to be your #1 fan when it comes to achieving your career goals.
Extra paid days off. Enjoy ad-hoc KitKat days to take a step back and spend it however you like. Hit the beach, spend time with your family, pick up that hobby you’ve been meaning to try, or anything in between!
Health is wealth. We believe that everyone has the right to mental wellness and support. So every Dovetailer has access to Uprise (Employee Assistance Program) for themselves as well as their families.
Floating public holidays. Public holidays don’t always align with when you want to take leave. So the choice is yours when it comes to swapping public holiday leave for a later date. You do you.
