Skip to main content
Find jobs
Company reviews
Search Salary
Upload your resume
Sign in
Employers / Post Job
Start of main content
What
Where
Find Jobs
Principal Technologist - Software Engineering
CTO Labs
Sydney NSW
Full-time
You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply
Apply on company site
Job details
No matching job preferences
Job Type
Full-time
Principal Technologist - Software Engineering | CTO Labs

CTO labs is a market-leading M&A and technology solutions consultancy. We help investors buy high performing tech businesses and manage their portfolio risk on tech-focused business investments. We also help our customers modernise their tech environment through digital enhancement, product development and software engineering. We are a group of dynamic technology advisors that bring rare insight into leading edge software development. We offer technical delivery services, helping to build intuitive platforms and resolve business delivery blockers. We keep our knowledge and skills sharp to provide pragmatic advice to our clients and ‘slice and dice’ tech to be understood and acted on with confidence. As we grow, we iterate and improve our methods to create clear, commercially savvy tech advice that our clients can rely on, with no need for additional ‘tech to business’ translation.

Key Responsibilities

Our Tech M&A team partners with investors, founders, technology, and product teams to execute continuous improvements and iteratively elevate tech performance throughout an asset's lifecycle. Our technologists contribute to the full deal lifecycle, performing thesis-driven due diligence and pinpointing key tech value-creation opportunities that align with the investment thesis. This unique opportunity is designed for a senior technology professional with commercial experience with AWS, an interest in current AI trends, and an ability to contribute positively to the internal tech culture. You will partner with investors to delve deeply into businesses, understanding how their architecture and systems have evolved over time. This role helps investors appreciate the risks associated with their investments, including scale challenges, bottlenecks, technology team friction (lowering overall technology function performance), and security issues. Our team has assessed over 70 platforms, each experience being unique, further broadening the scope of their experience and impact.

Skills, Knowledge and Expertise

A little bit about you..
10 years + Experience in a Professional Services environment (software engineering) Strong understanding of architectural patterns

Commercial experience with AWS Cloud Architecture (SRE)
Demonstrated contribution to internal tech culture
Interest and knowledge in current AI trends
Experience with some of the following languages - .net C# core/5+, JS/TS, Python, Go
Broad technical knowledge and a passionate interest in the latest tech trends
Comfortable having C-suite level conversations
Proficient in creating initial shape for client engagements, outcomes, and team dynamics
Able to build PoC’s and communicate vision with clients
Experience in or knowledge about cyber security
Capable of writing business-level documentation, costing profiles, and reports
Adaptable to work in large enterprise and scaleup environments
A passion for upskilling and driving engineering capabilities.
The ability to work comfortably across a range of technologies and are flexible to adapt to the shifting demands of the role.
A proactive, solutions-oriented mindset and a willingness to take on new challenges as they arise Soft Skills Required…
Curious over Passive
Highly collaborative
Proactive over Reactive
Highly organised over chaotic
Pragmatic over Academic
Psychologically flexible

Benefits

Why join us.. We are a team of passionate professionals that love new challenges. Think hyper scale growth, combined with tech and business strategy, and we’re there! Not to give our point of difference away, but our secret sauce is our people (oops, gave it away!) We love working together, either in person or through our virtual Gather Town office - plants, pets and go karts optional. All in all, we’re a diverse group of individuals that come together collaboratively on client and internal projects.

Benefits

Work with the greatest talent in town. Our recruiting process is tough. We hold a high bar because we have a high-performing, high-velocity culture - we only want the brightest and the best.
Join a community. We believe the best things happen when we come together to solve complex problems and make meaningful connections with each other through interest groups, sports clubs, and social events.
Get the best of both worlds with a hybrid workplace. We firmly believe that we are better together - in-person interaction is an important part of our culture.
We believe in equality. CTOLabs is an Equal Opportunity Employer and recognises that a diverse workforce is crucial to our success as a business. We would love you to apply for one of our open roles - irrespective of socio-economic status or background, age, gender identity, race, religion, sexual orientation, color, pregnancy, carer/family responsibilities, national and social origin, political opinion, marital, veteran, or disability

About CTO Labs

CTO labs is a market-leading M&A and technology solutions consultancy. We help investors buy high performing tech businesses and manage their portfolio risk on tech-focused business investments. We also help our customers modernise their tech environment through digital enhancement, product development and software engineering.

We are a group of dynamic technology advisors that bring rare insight into leading edge software development. We offer technical delivery services, helping to build intuitive platforms and resolve business delivery blockers. We keep our knowledge and skills sharp to provide pragmatic advice to our clients and ‘slice and dice’ tech to be understood and acted on with confidence.

As we grow, we iterate and improve our methods to create clear, commercially savvy tech advice that our clients can rely on, with no need for additional ‘tech to business’ translation.




Department

Professional Services/Consulting

Employment Type

Full Time

Location

Sydney

Workplace type

Hybrid

Reporting To

Mike Mengell

Report job
Hiring Lab
Career Advice
Browse Jobs
Browse Companies
Salaries
Indeed Events
Work at Indeed
Countries
About
Help Centre
ESG at Indeed
© 2023 Indeed
Accessibility at Indeed
Privacy Centre
Cookies
Privacy
Terms