Skip to main content
Find jobs
Company reviews
Search Salary
Upload your resume
Sign in
Employers / Post Job
Start of main content
What
Where
Find Jobs
Global Advisory & Markets, Engr - Client & Production Support, Associate
Goldman Sachs
Sydney NSW
Full-time, Permanent
Apply now
Job details
No matching job preferences
Job Type
Full-time
Permanent
Shift and Schedule
Monday to Friday

FICC is a fast-paced trading environment with a wide variety of financial products. We are looking for candidates who are passionate about learning and working with the business to resolve day to day technical issues. You must have strong communication skills as you will be working with many different teams front to back across both the business and technical organizations. You will be working with developers to debug issues and find root causes so some experience with coding is required. You will make impact by resolving issues efficiently, managing incidents, identifying recurring issues and coming up with recommendations on where to make investments to bring down support costs. Lastly, you will help train new users and developers by creating clear and concise documentation for applications and processes.

RESPONSIBILITIES AND QUALIFICATIONS

Your responsibilities include:

Help users to quickly resolve issue
Create user documentation for applications and processes
Create runbooks for faster issue resolution
Debug code and determine where changes need to be made to resolve root causes
Manage support tickets to track recurring issues and support cost
Perform start of day checks to ensure that systems are operational before the trading day starts
Use tools to execute configuration changes, modify production data and entitle users to applications
Execute BCPs to ensure that backup plans are up to date
Develop tools and automate support processes

Basic Qualifications:

Support and incident management experience
Ability to read and debug code (Java/C++/Python)
Strong communication skills
Experience in software release process and change management
Comfortable multi-tasking, managing multiple stakeholders and working as part of a team
Desire to do support as their primary role

Preferred Qualifications:

Experience in supporting trading desks at large investment banks
Experience in SRE
Experience with Excel and data analytics
Experience with an object oriented programming language
Knowledge of Fixed Income products (Interest Rates, Credit, Foreign Exchange)

ABOUT GOLDMAN SACHS

At Goldman Sachs, we commit our people, capital and ideas to help our clients, shareholders and the communities we serve to grow. Founded in 1869, we are a leading global investment banking, securities and investment management firm. Headquartered in New York, we maintain offices around the world.

We believe who you are makes you better at what you do. We're committed to fostering and advancing diversity and inclusion in our own workplace and beyond by ensuring every individual within our firm has a number of opportunities to grow professionally and personally, from our training and development opportunities and firmwide networks to benefits, wellness and personal finance offerings and mindfulness programs. Learn more about our culture, benefits, and people at GS.com/careers.

We’re committed to finding reasonable accommodations for candidates with special needs or disabilities during our recruiting process. Learn more: https://www.goldmansachs.com/careers/footer/disability-statement.html

© The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., 2021. All rights reserved.

Goldman Sachs is an equal employment/affirmative action employer Female/Minority/Disability/Veteran/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity

Job Types: Full-time, Permanent

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Work Authorisation:

Australia (Preferred)
Report job
Hiring Lab
Career Advice
Browse Jobs
Browse Companies
Salaries
Indeed Events
Work at Indeed
Countries
About
Help Centre
ESG at Indeed
© 2023 Indeed
Accessibility at Indeed
Privacy Centre
Cookies
Privacy
Terms