Tech Lead, Cloud Infrastructure SRE
TikTok
(part of ByteDance)
Sydney NSW
You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply
Apply on company site
Tech Lead, Cloud Infrastructure SRE
TikTok - Sydney NSW
Job
Company
Responsibilities
TikTok is the leading destination for short-form mobile video. Our mission is to inspire creativity and bring joy. TikTok has global offices including Los Angeles, New York, London, Paris, Berlin, Dubai, Singapore, Jakarta, Seoul and Tokyo.

Why Join Us
At TikTok, our people are humble, intelligent, compassionate and creative. We create to inspire - for you, for us, and for more than 1 billion users on our platform. We lead with curiosity and aim for the highest, never shying away from taking calculated risks and embracing ambiguity as it comes. Here, the opportunities are limitless for those who dare to pursue bold ideas that exist just beyond the boundary of possibility. Join us and make impact happen with a career at TikTok.

Team Introduction
The team is responsible for infrastructure systems, including Storage/Computing/DB. We aim to be the leading SRE team across the industry. In the SRE team, you will have the opportunity to manage the complex challenges of scale, while using expertise in coding, algorithms, complexity analysis, and large-scale system design. We embrace a culture of diversity, intellectual curiosity, openness, and problem-solving. We also encourage ownership, self-governance and independence to work on various projects, and an environment that provides the support and mentorship needed to learn and grow as an engineer.

Responsibilities

Lead a team of engineers on the technical side committed to building and operating scalable and reliable AML Platform systems.
Be both technically hands-on and people manager.
Provide technical leadership and guidance to both your team members and your project peers.
Communicate cross-functionally across various teams, organizations and internal and external stakeholders to drive engineering efforts.
Lead the team's innovation efforts, bring in new ideas and technologies.
Qualifications

Expertise in analyzing and troubleshooting distributed systems.
Bachelor/Master's degree in Computer Science, a related technical field involving software development or systems engineering.
Experience programming in at least one of the following languages: Python or Golang
Preferred qualifications:

Excellent communication skills and ability to collaborate cross-functionally with data science and infrastructure teams.
Hands-on in designing, building, scaling, and troubleshooting platform solutions.
Strong understanding of code optimizing and routine tasks automation.
TikTok is committed to creating an inclusive space where employees are valued for their skills, experiences, and unique perspectives. Our platform connects people from across the globe and so does our workplace. At TikTok, our mission is to inspire creativity and bring joy. To achieve that goal, we are committed to celebrating our diverse voices and to creating an environment that reflects the many communities we reach. We are passionate about this and hope you are too.

In the spirit of reconciliation, TikTok acknowledges the Traditional Custodians of country throughout Australia and their connections to land, sea and community. We pay our respect to their Elders past and present and extend that respect to all Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples today. #LI-Hybrid
